: —

 

 

 

THE PE NY DIP,

St John, N. B., June 15, 1878.

ACKNOWLEDGMENT.

 

  
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
   
 
     
   
   
   

 

 

 

 

One of our staff is only too happy to ac-
knowledge the receipt of a beautiful embossed
picture, life-size, and natural in every respect,
being no doubt the exact. representation of
one of Barnum'sclowns who had just recover-
from an attack of ckelera morbus. So beau-
tiful in architecture is this picture that at first
we thought it was the gift of the gentlemen
who performed the celebrated war-dance at
the Institute last winter, or of that other equal-
ly celebrated gentleman who exhibited the
beauties of architecture to the admiring

of St. John’s beautiful damsels. But when
we observed that it was addresed to the
PENNY Dip office, we at once accused those
King street architects who gaze at passers by
with an opera glass. Our reason for putting
it down to them was that as their early educa-
tion in manners had been neglected, so also
might their early school education have been
neglected. But later information tends to
show that it was neither the gift of an archi-
tect or a policeman, and the query wasthen—
‘Who sent the picture ? This mighty question
was solved only by peristent enquiry which
proved that the picture was the gift of a young
lady. This suspicion was readily confirmed
when we observed a partiality for érown ap-
peared to be the leading taste of the purchaser
of the picture, which was dressed according
to the latest fashion with a red coat and yel-
low breeches cut off short at the knee, a la
bank clerk style.

_——e—————

A young man naimed Hennigar has been
arrested for sheep stealing in Nevada. He is
no relation to the Globe man as his hair is said
to be black.

gaze

 

The army worms are devasta
Nova Scotia, and the Truro. Sun. tsi
extermination by _dubbing them “oracioss

d hago pests.” gs .
Halifax is is following oY. Tory Ca
and is going to hois tall goats and goat owners
out of their city. We hope it will not have
such an effect on the price of mutton over
there as it had in St. John. pe

 

     

 

A QuERY.—We wonder who is the lucky
possessor of that Brilliant Triple Stoné Dia-
mond Ring. Ithas been most prominently
exhibited of late.. We have noticed it glitter-
ing on the fingers of lean men, tall men, stout
men and small men.

 

There is a “Quinn-Tette” Club organized
on- Golding street, composed of young ladies
and a couple of Telegraph Operators. We
have no doubtit will be a success as operators
have a good ear for music. The neighbors
are not friendly to it as the young ladies desturb
them by their loud laughter, etc.

 

CARD oF THANKS.—The happy recepient
of the Box which was kindly tendered Tues-
day evening by some (supposed to be) un-

y known person; returns many thanks, and

’ would merely suggest that a screw be retained
for the top of the head to keep his wits from
going wool gathering again. Being rather a
dry sort of a joke it not considered worth
keeping.

 

Indiantown now boasts of a Band, the said
band consisting of about twenty small boys
each armeed with a formidable tin whistle, and
two others. One armed with what was once
called a bass Drum, and which the boys still
persist in calling such. The other juvinile
carries what is meant for a tenor Drum,
which if we are not mistaken was once used

i firm of Rankin & Sons;-end the lovers
of fine music think it far superior to any drum
invented.

They promenade the streets every evening

« filling the air with the sweet strains of Molly
Darling, and We wont go home to Morning
they being the only tunes they are at present
acquainted with, but asthey are under anable
instructor who is well versed in all the modern
music of the day.
E We can only say in encouragement go
: ahead boys,

    

i

Portland Police Matters are still terribly

mixed, and no doubt will continue so for
some time to come, ;

strawberries,
readiness

slruco is in wild
and the doctors hold themselves in

for a call at any hour of, the night.

luxurating

 

rns ee

ALLIGED INCEST.

 

A New York Man, Formeyxly of Mas-
sachusetts, in Difficulty—ke is Ar-
rested fox a Crime Against Nature—
kElow he Explains it.

George Wilkins Lake, formerly of
Topslield, Mass., but lately an importer
of Japanese goods in New York, and
who lived with his reputed wife and
two children at 9% State street, is
under arrest. It 1s charged that the
woman is his daughter, and the child-
ren are his. On Sunday last Police
Captain Caffry received an anonymous
letter saying that at the above address
a woman was in need of a physician,
that she had been recently confined,
and that her husband neglected to pro-
cure for her the requisite attend-
ance. Officer O'Connor was despatch-
ed to investigate, and found the woman,
who said her name was Nettie Lake,
and she wished to be taken to the
New York Hospital. Mr. Lake, who
was sent for by Captain Caffry, said
that he did not get a physician be-
cause he knew all about such cases
himself. F¥inally, however, he con-
sented that the woman, then believed
to be his wife, should be taken to the
New York Iospital ; and he promised
to defray the expenses. An ambulance
was sent for, and she was taken as the
police supposed to the hospital
The authorities there, however, did
not se it was a case within their
nd the woman was driven to

She, however, refused to

dis Say
street, Who ds

attempting

‘The png ra
bours trying to ry - Mey “aid
she seemed to be insane. She talked

wildly about going to the hospital, and
repeatedly said in presence of police
surgeon Wade and several officers that
Mr. Lake was her own fathewas well
as the father of her children. Sergeant
Roerke was dispatched to Cedar street
for Mr. Lake who declined to come
until compelled. Roerke says that
when he told Lake that his wife was
trying to jump out of the window,
Lake said, “ Let her jump.” Mr. Lake
was brought’ before Judge Wandell,
and the charge of incest preferred,
When questioned by the justice he
refused to say anything regarding the
charge, but at length said the woman
was not his daughte er, although he had
registered her as such, and she had
always called him father. Lake's ex-
planations of the affair have been con-
tradictory. He said in the station-
house last night that he was brought
up on a farm in Topsfield Mass.;
that he went on a whaling voyage from
1857 to 1858 ; that from 1860 to 1869
he lived in Japan carrying on the ship
chandlery and provision business. He
was married in Topsfield, after his re-
turn from Japan, to Lucy Jane Wil-
kins in 1870, by whom he had two
children. He had trouble with his
wife, and got a Utah divorce from her;
and he believes she tried to get a di-
voree from him for abandonment, but
he does not know whether she got it
ornot. She is now living with the
two children, with her father in Mid-
dleton, Mass. He said the real name
of the woman he was living with is
Georgiana Towns, and she was the
adopted daughter of Moss Towns of
Topsfield, Mass., where he first met
her in 1869 ; that he adopted her as
hig daughter, and senty her to school
in 1871 and 1872 at various education-
al institutions near Boston ; that he
subsequently took her, as his Fumistross,
and, in order that their relations should
not be suspected, poe ag off as his
daughter, a &

she was.—[ Danbury News,
- kU

 

SPRING FEVER

I know where summer woods are green,
‘Where summer shade is dark and deep,

Where frondage forms a cooling gcreen,
Where wide-leaved lilies lie asleep,

And where the early blossoms blow :

I know, I know, but cannot go.

I know where laughing waters fall,

‘Where sapphire summer lakes are spread,
‘Where merry springs are musical, .

And brooks with fountains at the head,
And where lordly rivers flow,
I know, I know, but cannot go.

I know where birds delight to sing,
‘Where squirrels chatter at their play,

‘Where bees sweep by om busy wing, ’
‘Where fragrance fills the dying day,

And fireflies sparkle to and fro,

I know, know, but cannot go,

I know where ocean airs are free,
‘Where salt waves dash upon the beach,

“Where bright sails glisten oer the sea,

Where rock and sand strange lessons teach—
Rock dark as death, sand white as snow,
I know, I know, but cannot go.

This wilderness of stone and brida
Enfolds me still from day to day ;

My soul is sad, my heart is sick, i
And yet I cannot slip away

To pleasant places that I know—

I know, I know, but cannot go. 4

 

tp
THE BEATS OF SAINT FOHMN.

Kind friends please pay attention,
And read this doggerrl rhime,

About the bums, the beats and swells
That hang around Saint Joha.

We will start with Whitney Gallagher,
A“lady’s man so fair!

‘With little crack brained Driscoll,
And Duchy C., the bear.

Then come, Fancy H..
The man with the skin tight pants,
And Barney Howe the fiat foot,
‘Who gives the big shoe dance.

Next in line comes Teddy Barr,
The boy that Briggs can’t scare;

‘With Honorable Joseph Gorman.
Oh! Joe, who cut your hair?

There is Rat and Shorty, the midgets.
And Billy Cahill the beat;

Then C. Madore, the slasher,—
0, Charle, lift them feet 1

   

There is also Dolly Maddon,
The solid little man ;

‘With Davis and McCormack,—
Just show them the inside of a can!

The next in order is Freaky Tom,
The greatest beat in tiown;

When he gets behind Mickay's bar
The dimes and gin do go down.

Then there is a Jewelry man
A regular talking machine,
And Fatty Fay, the Doctor,
‘Who drives the spruce beer team.

‘We will close with Sankey, the warbler,
Not forgetting big mouth Buck,

And Rubber, the noted C. D.,
‘Whose cry is *‘Can’t you set them up

Now if any of the boys don’t see their names,
They must wait another week,

And well try if we can’t please them
And all the others too.

 

Some enterprising gentleman represented
himself as being/the Editor of this parper,
left an order at a Shoemaker’s on Burssels
street, for a pair of No. 16 boots, which have
not been called for yet. If the blackguard
who commiited the deed will gall at this office
he will learn that the Editor of this paper
does not wish his name used to obtain credit
by every common loafer and bar-room bum-
mer in the city. y

 

Miss Thursby sleeps an 5 hqur before
each concert. Our consort permits us
to sleep six hours after each lecture.—

[N. Y. News.

Blivins also has a mania for the an-
tique, though in a somewhat novel

form. Though very rich, he is willing
by taking in sewing.—[ Brooklyn
Union.

It was & lucky thing for Noah that
his ark wasn't constructed for a United
States war vessel. It wouldn't have
lasted forty days and forty mights.<-
[Phil. Chronicle.

A Bridgeport man had his wife arrested for
drunkeness, Ie furnished the wagon to carry
her to the station house, and wanted the city
to pay for its use. Ile was fully as tight as

     

     
   
  
   
 
     
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
    
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    

The spring overcoat, like the oyster,
has nearly reached its pawning season.

—[N. Y. Herald.

A thief may make a holt for the
door and not be a very good mechenie,
either.—{Brooklin Union.

The umbrelld was invented during
David’s rain. It was successfully used
a8 a parry-Saul. is Y. Graphic.

§¢ IY
1€

was generous to a fault.” —[Tx-
6. That is just what is the matter
1 the most of us. We treat our
ts too kindly.—[N Advertiser.

There are a few men who can hold
their breath under water, but the name
of those who can hold their breath un-
der whisky, is legion.—[Hackensack
Reg Sethian

What's the use of one fell low in-
venting a Weed-Grubbing Machine as
long as another fellow is allowed to 4
invent a Weed-Sewing Machine 1—
[Philadelphia Bulletin.

That May-Benedict duel was a sad
affair. It is now proved that they
fought with cannon at ten paces, which
accounts sor the shower of fresh meat
that fell in Kentucky some time subse-
quently. —[N. Y. Gray phie.

Dan Rice says he can get along with
a cross wife, a fault finding mother -in-
law, or a howlirg dog better than with
the old lady from the country who tries
to pass her husband in as “under twelve
years, of Eo. (Dictrosh Free Press.

$28

An Irishman who stood near the
third base watching a game of baseball
yesterday, was sent to grass by a foul
which struck him ander the fifth rib.

“A fowl, waz it? Begorra I thought it
waz a tenia “UNE Star.

Gambler he was, and a bad man he

may have been, yet Morrissey never
superintended a grab-bag at a church
fair where a man is asked a dollar for
the privilege of drawing a ten cent ba-

   

   

New York and work on , Indian he
—the hair-lifting, dime novel “species,
we presume, _[N orristown Herald.

“What good is they, anyhow?”
scornfully remarked a Newark boot-
black the other day, Fa to the fair *
sex. “Did you ever know ‘one on em
to stop and give a feller a job? Not
much ! They ain't got no shoes on fit
to blacken, anyways.—[ Newark Call.

Stewart's Women’s Hotel in New

York is pronounced a failure. The ex-
penses are $500 a day more than the

receipts. This comes of admitting a
class of boarders that don’t pe tronize
a bar, and are debarred receiving visits
from their male cousins.—[N omistowa
Herald.

A New York woman has got an idea
that she knows how a paper ‘should he
conducted. She says she would issue
it every afternoon, it would be strictly
a wcman's paper, and “ should Toe de-
Role mainly to telling what women

think ‘and do.” Yaas. But what
eal she fill up with—[Danbury
News. 2

A newly imported Hungarian, em-
ployed on a farm a few miles north of
the city, tilted up a beehive to see what
the bees were doing under there. He
knowsnow. Hesays may were making
chain lightning and had 2,000 tons of
it on hand, which exploded before he
had time to let the box down.—[Bux-
lington Hawkeye.

 

A happy deliverance for hundreds
who have more wife than they want,
is found in the “ Anti-Fat” of a patent
medicine man, who guarantees that his
preparation will reduce the weight of
a fleshy person five pounds a weok. It
doesn’t take much arithmetic to ascer-
tain that the man who can persuade
his 200-hundred pound wife to use it,
will at the end of a year have Sifty ©
pounds less than no wite at all—[F ls
ton Lease SR

   

   
