   
 
  

 
  
  
 
 

 

 

Five Minutes at the Police Court. elections. He was a trifle: seedy, but felt in
: : IN «| cigar out of bis mouth. I was instantly all | as good spirits as he had been full of bad on
Monday morning was simply miserable. No | ==

i aglow

a pretty small butt, Le paused and took the

 

; ; 5 with expectancy, and could scarcely | Saturday night.
bright sumbeams irradiated the dry, musty : Be E

5 B 2? 7 restrain myself from rushing forward and When getting home. He had tried
gloom of the Police Court, or relieved that | - x oe 4 x =
: i Tate { snatching the butt from’ him. Then hela good many houses and rung ud
oppresgiveness which, with the dry, musty : ; pL ’ :
knocked the ashes and light out of it, and I |and made mad a great many people be-
“ oD ’

 

 
    
   
  
 
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
     
    
    
  
  
 
   
   
  
     
    
    
   
 
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
   

iS AAI Avers Hce ne
aN i od AE he | thought that he was almighty careful of fire ; fore he struck pis own | house, and then his
? wife repudiated him, and refused to open the
door. She put her head out the window and
he retreated to the middle of the street with

the bell knob in his hand ; and after she had

: ; . : and then he—threw it away you suppose ? not
which sits on one like a-nightmare born of a [™ * ; 31s wi J al
Was Be J ~ | a bit of it ; he put it in his mouth and began
heavyl\and indigestible supper. A dense log : 5 4
0 4 0 Zlto chew it. Gentlemen, it was a an awful

hung like'a wet blanket over the city, and gn a i
Fotis : 1 moment. I have been shipwrecked, lifted
down through it trickled a continuous drizzle i : ;
gazed upon the star lit sky for a moment,

she said :

skv-higl ; boiler exposi struck by an
—not exactly rain, but quite sufficient to wet sky-high 2 SPE so %
a eal Evervthing was | XPress train, but none of them caused such a
: ghly. 3 g “Charles, what ails you ?? ’

Jes’ come (hic!) down to door, my dear,

an’ I'll tell you all about it.”
“Charles, you're drunk.”

sensation as I felt just then. Can you wonder

cold, wet and disagreeable, and every one felt
blue.

he was, onlthe contrary, exceedingly ¢‘chirpy,”

ni ET
gs + . Bo now, oentlemen, that I ask, what shall we do
But the janitor felt anything but blue; | "2 o* =~ 7 Ps ey
with the. man who smokes his cigar clean

down to the small end of nothing ? And can

and drove the dry, musty gloom up into the ;
Ji oF {> COREA ek dd ! a 1 B53)
any of you oblige me with a chew.

comers by singing and whistling while he & ae :
But nome of them felt obliging, and the

hunted up the dust pan and skirmished around
to see if Briggs had procured the tea leaves,
but they were not’ forthcoming. He then
took up a seat on the desk over which justic

is dispensed, placed his two-sizes-larger-than-
any-boot-made boots upon two chairs, put
his hands on the top of the breom handle, |
rested his chin upon his hands, and gave vent
to the following : A

and, oh, gracious! you've been”—

‘Doin’ what, love?”

stranger heaved a great sigh and said :

«Well, I suppose I'll have to take a chew
of my own.”

And he produced an old cigar butt, which
he carefully unrolled ; and then began a vig-
orous_ rumination with equally vigorous ex-
pectoration at intervals; while the members | get in.”
of the force present, including the janitor,
fell to thinking of some punishment for the man
who was guilty of such an offence as the
stranger mentioned, and remained buried in
meditation until the entrance of his Honor,

“0 whar am de tea leaves he promised—:
Dose tea leaves he promised to me ?
Oh, why do he thus deceive me.
When I sigh for dose leaves of de tea?

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
        

down the window and retired.

“No doubt in de pot dey’s reposin’
Like gems away down in de sea:
Oh! why aint some one a-disclosin’
_ Why he don’t bring dose tea leaves to me."

He was stout, he was fat—he was awfully fat;

On his head there was nary a hair;
And he held in his hand such a shocking bad hat—
A mountain upon the same night have sat

times, and got awfully drunk.
"Twas so awfully out of repair. 4 = ed

And then he kicked over a chair, whacked
the floor with the broom and soliloquized. The bloom of the rose had stuck into his nose—
In his eye was a tipy glow ;
He looked like a fright, for his ragged clothes might
Have been used to dress up a scar-crow,

    
 
   
 

“I wonder why dat ar man don’t bring
dem tea leaves.
dat’s abeut two-thirds of me—to know why
an’ de wherefo’ ob it. If he don’t bring dem
down to-morror morn’, I'll tear him ter pieces,
sprinkle de flo’ with him, and den sweep out
with the hair ob his head! I will, by golly !”
And he jumped down and began sweeping

and in getting home you woke up nearly
person on the street you lived on b Hf
bells, pounding at doors, and throwin;
fuls of gravel against the windows.
about three o’clock Sunday morning
were found sitting on a door step tying
in your ‘legs.. I'm afraid, ‘Charles thi
have to trouble you for $8.” 3
“No trouble in the world,” said Cha
producing the required sum. ¢One’s pt
get a little Dit so-so befor :

LE
Phas 0 oe
She

and

 

I'd gib my right foot

Such was

WILLIAM NEAT,

Monday morning, when he stepped out and
toed the mark in answer to his name.

¢ William,” said his Honor, biting the end
of his pen, ‘“‘you took some whiskey neat
and it did the business for you, and you came
rolling along Charlotte street towards morn-
ing with your legs tangled up, your hat on the
back of your head, and an air that impressed
‘one with the idea that you owned the whole}
town. You shortly proceeded to perform a
war-dance, and wound it up by coming down:
on the broad of your back and covered your-
self with dust. Then you picked yourself up
and attempted to rub the dust off against some
shutters, but luck was against you and the
shutters came off first, and down you went
again with shutters on top and all around you. |
You were picked up by a stranger who con-
siderately picked the shufters out of your
clothes and attempted to, dust you off, when
you returned his kindness by shaking him off
and enquiring in a loud but unsteady voice
what the deuce he meant by throwing a house
at you.

sowEY

with such vigor that if the matting hadn’t been
fastened down with spikes instead of tacks,
he’d surely have torn it up.

By the time he had swept up and dusted,
several of the force dropped in, and while
gees his Honor to come, they beguiled

wry bour discussing popular topics, such
1s, the prospects of war or peace,
le the janitor armed himself with a
“bar and took up a position behind the
door to smite Briggs the moment he entered.
There was also a strange man there awaiting
the opening of court, and he beguiled the
time listening to them. His clothes were
ragged and dirty, his hair long and matted,
“and his hat was all rim, the crown having
given away under the ravages of time, or was
removed for the sake of ventilation. Ie
listened attentively for a time, and then sud-
denly interupted them by saying: “Gentle-
men, these are certainly subjects of great im-
portance, but I know of one of much greater
importance than any of them and more worthy

  

  

Betioms. £0 5
n court broke " Mr. Nea

g £538 Tr
id smidee 7

  

 

from off his chin an unbidden and beer-bom
tear, “my eyes is arrested by a remarka

ed of some well known garden flowers.”
‘And what are they ?” enquired a poli
man. oN
e

And as he walked out into the corridor he
replicon] ip SHEE

Tears of pity were shed for him, and the
janitor muttered between his tdeth in the most
approved melodramatic manner. ‘Away with
him to the deepest dungeon, and bind him
with chains!” And rushed out to bring a rope
strong enough to fasten him with.

But the stranger didn’t give an an-
swer that satisfied you, so you fell upon him
and smote him grievously upon the end of his
nose and made the sparks fly out of his eyes;
then grabbed him by the coat tails, split his
coat clear up the back, passed the two halves
round his neck, and tied them in a bownot

d 2 be g aft pi
of discussion ; it is—What shall we do with ha

is ci Timoihy NMegee Afier VYV.
the man who smokes his cigar down so small a, gee After an Afiidavy

that a poor man can’t get two whiffs out of it
\
after he has done ?”

[Zanesville Times.]

i ; in front, and you were frantically trying to get

as evi abstract a su t, for { 1. : 5
It was evidently to abstract a subject, for| yo leg over his shoulder, when the police
Now, William, it

seems to me that yours isa particularly ag-

no one answered, and after a pause the stran- came up and ran you in.
ger went on :

¢Gentlemen, there are some mighty mean
men in this world, but thank the Lordd# I
ain’t one of ’em ; if I am poor I ain’t mean.
Now there are hundreds of men, gentlemen,
who smoke their cigars clear down to fhe
small end of nothing, and I'm darned if they
ain’t the meanest men of all,
ask me what I consider generosity in a man,
I would answer the throwing away of half a
cigar, The man who does that is bound to
prosper, for he remembers the poor.
marked that some men smoked their cigars
clean down to the small end of nothing, and
that I considered them the meanest of mean
men; but, gentlemen, once in my life I struck a
man who was meaner than the meanest of men.
-T saw him buy a cigar one night, and follow-
ed him up for the butt, as I hadn’t had a
smoke for a long time. He strolled along
smoking, and I followed like a shadow sniff Blea’ Bo AB Bh Ral Soe tr ey
ing thegfragrant cloud that drifted behind him. Tl li eir “col tile fied! whddt” Heir
Half the cigar was gone and my mouth was elds : ;
watering ; I prayed thathe would throw it}
away, but he didn’t. He still walked on an igs CHARLES ARMOR
kept smoking, and as the cigar burnt down, my
hopes of a big smoke feel in proportion { ej
But at last, when the cigar was all gone but’ I

the urbane official.
gravated case, and that you are rather a
Now I think that a few
days sojurn from the cares of life with health-
ful labor would benefit you, so I send you up
for ten days.”

“But, your Honor,” put in the prisoner, it’s
my first offence.”

tough customer, Megee. 1 was wonst well known in

these parts for foighting, warn't I, Sit
turning to his compaion, who growled
out “he thought he war.” “I whaled
them all down in Blue Rock, didn’t I,
SHU ES

Si said he believed he did.

“Si, did I ever let a man go away
wantin’ when he wanted a foight?”

Si said he didn’t believe he ever di

“I want to file an affidavy against

If you were to

“I have taken that into consideration, also
the fact that elections are coming on, and a
man can get drunk at a small expense; and
for the benefit of the community at large, and
the candidates in particular, I send you up.
Imagine how any of the candidates would
look with his coat split up the back and the
tails doing the duty of a'cravet; for it’s just
possible, William, that you will go through
the same performance on election day as you
did Saturday night.” \

And the prisoner took a back seat and

I re-

cause he wouldn't sthay wid me.

me.

 

{down, did he, Si?”
il ~f Si said he didn’t.
2d the list of prisioners and toed themmark
lly. He had taken time by the fore-

was made out,

“My dear, you surely can’t shee straight ?”
No need of seeing; I can smell the liquor,

“You've been eating onions! oh, you
brute ! It’s bad enough to have you come
home drunk and smell of rum, but to have
you smell of both rum and onions! you can’t
And with a shriek that made a
timid old maid who lived across the street
think some one was being murdered, she shut

“Charles,” said his Honor, ‘you were ex-
cited about the elections last Saturday night,
went into a bar-room, drunk the healths of
the candidates all round about half a dozen
You were
pretty well mixed, as the drinks had; bees,

i V4 ERC:
gk: long.

ging

“5% (firl who sold it wholesale.

i had} the hatching season. Ew Th
for some time, arose a Sey

{ By
“When I gaze upon him,” and he wig DI]
1] Fis oi all wrong.

  
 
 
  
  
  

prominent feature, and I am instantly remind-

“ Well, sur, me name is Timothy Th

DY QANTTT OTT
DIP” SNUFFINGS.

Xd

 

An acrobat should never be satisfied
with one drink—it takes more than one
swallow to make a Spring.—{Syracuse
Times.

 

It is because of this everlasting “soar
loft” that the American eagle is bald-
eaded.[ Boston Globe.

“ All flesh is grass,” yet a very poor
quality of hay is obtained by “cutting”
one’s friends.—[ Whitehall Times.

oo

I

y=

A barefoot Syracuse girl kicked a
J o 5
burglar out of a house, and a deserving
mule went behind the barn and wept.

Tydia Thompson sues for a divoree
from her husband. We suppose the
genteman has not been conducting him-
self properly. Lydia is very particular
with her husbands.—[Buifalo Express.

Trickett the famous Australian scul-
ler lost two fingers while handling a
cask of liquor. It is usually the cask
that loses two -or three fingers while
being handled.—New Haven Regsster.

The word whisky has no ein it and
its plural is whiskies, not whiskeys.—
[Syracuse Typo. And still we have
seen the editor of the Typd put whisky
in his garret with all the e's imagin-
able.—| Whithall Times.

The most beautiful hair on yecord is
at the Paris Exposition. It is silken
and golden and rich and seven feet
It belonged to a poor Norman
She ought
to have kept a boarding house and let
it out by retail, four hairs to the pound.
— [New York Herald.

Middletown girl placed some
ily hatched duck eggs in her bosom
d thus helped a brood young .ducks
o the world. Young men in that
ion will do well to omit in the in-
| terests of the poultry crop their jusual
{Saturday evening embraces until after

   
  
   
 
   
  
  
    
  
  
 

 

   

eveland on the charge of appro-
jating a watch left in his carriage.
Hackmen must
ve watches, and if they are not per-
ted to take those left in their car-
8 they will—well, how do hack-
en get money —[ Oil City Derrick.

~~ A hackman Tas just been convi

  

 

Once upon an evening dismal, I gave
her a kiss, paroxysmal and called her
{ name baptismal ; precious name I loved
of yore. Ah, she was a darling cre-
ature, pert of speech and fair in fea-
ture ; but egad you couldn't teach her,
{ for she'd been
murmured “Buss me more.”
A poet in some lines “To Miss Vin-#
nie Ream,” says: “She's like the sun-
ny fragrant Spring.........She’s lovely
fas a SUMINET IMOTD......co Her beauty’s
like an autumn day.” From which it

Two men came into the mayor’s|would seem that she is a very “ season-
office recently, and halting in front of { able” woman. Hope her tempér's not
the judicial desk, doffed their beavers. | like

“ What can I do for you?” asked {town Herald.

a winter's strmy night.—Norris-

He was a St. Paul clerk, and he was
ying to amuse himself by question-
ing a little girl in a big bonnet, near
South Stillwater. ¢ What do they set
hens for?” he asked. “To hatch
chickens,” she replied, promptly.
“What do they set milk for?” he
‘queried. “To hatch ealves,” said she,
and she said it in a way that caused the

| St. Paul chap to close conversation
a |p q.—][ Stillwater Lumberman.

Miss Kellog says newspaper men are

Emmanuel Compton for foighting, be- | just like lemons—fit only to be squeezed
Tas much as possible, then tossed aside.
niver had a mon arristed in me loife| You just keep your distance, Clara
that give me foight and sthayed wid | Kellog.
I care not whether he whupt me | Express.
or I whupt him if he sthayed wid me, |[New York Commercial.
but when a man sthrikes me and runs he, he, ho, ho!
away and shows the ywhite feather, I|Globe.
call that cowardly, and I want him |Clere Louise. We had no
arristed. He took a run and a jump | were so long In the arms—go
and hit me, but he didn’t knock me | you've tumbled our neck-tie terribly—

Police | — police | —[Buifalo
Fire ! Thieves ! Murder !—
Quit! He,/
Git out.—[Boston =
Ah! Oh! Have done now;
idea you
way!

besides our wife is coming.—[Boston
Commercial Bulletin. Well, then,

“Make out an afidavy, Mr. Mayor, only one now—sh-h—there, dog gone
and have him arristed for foightin’.” |it all Clara, you've waked the baby.—

Hawkeye,

ead

there before, and only »

  

Sy

 
    

 

 
