 

Commenced in No. 19. Back Nos. always on hand

THE BLACK-INDIES

 

By JULES VERNE.

CHAPTER: XX
(Continued 2)

They did not speak, but it wasnot for want
of thinking. Is was evident that they had an
enemy.

But who was it? And how defend them-
selves against attacks so mysteriously pre-
pared? These ideas, unpleasant enough,
crowded to their brains. But this was not the
time to get diecouraged.

Harry, his arms extended, advanced with a
firm step. He went in turn from one side to
the other of the galler7. A fissure, a side
orifice would be pi He knew by
touch that he must not enter it, the fissure was
too shallow, the orifice too narrow, and he
thus kept in the right road.

In a darkness in which the eyes were use-
less, because it was absolute, the difficult re-
turn lastéd about two hours. In computing
the time that had elapsed, making allowance
for the fact that they had walked very slowly,
James Starr concluded that he and his com-
panions were very near the issue.

In fact, very scon Harry stopped.

“Have we at last reached the end of the
gallery ?” asked Simon Ford.

“Yes,” replied the young miner.

«Well, then, you ought to find the opening
that communicates between the New Aber-
foyle and the Dochart Pit.”

“No,” said Harry, whose hands had en-
countered only the plain surface of a wall.

The old overseer took several steps forward,
and felt the schistous rock.

A cry escaped him. 3

Either the explorers had wandered off in
their return, or the narrow orifice, broken in
the wall by the dynamite, had been recently
closed. \

However it might be, James Stair and his
companions were imprisoned in New Aber
foyle.

 

 

CHAPTER X. y «
THE FIRE-LADIES. {

Eight days after these events, Jamas Starr's

~~ friends were_very_ anxious about him. The
engineer had disappeared, while no mote
could be assigned for his dissappearance.
They had learned, by questioning his servant,
that he had embarked at Granton Pier, and
they knew from the captain of the steamboat,

\ «Prince of Wales,” that he had gone ashore at
Stirling ; but from that moment, no trace of
James Starr. Simon Ford’s letter had re-
quested secrecy, and he had said nothing ef
his departure for the Aberfoyle mines. Thus,
at Edinburgh, nothing was talked about bit
the inexplicable absence of the engineer. Sir
W. Elphiston, the president of the Royal

_ Institute, showed to his colleagues the letter
which had been addressed to him by James
Starr, excusing himself from the next meeting
of the society. Two cr three other persons
produced similar letters, but, if these docu-
ments proved that James Starr had left Edin-
burgh, what more did they know? Nothing
indicated what had become of him. Now, on
the part of such a man, this absence, so dif-
ferent from his usual habits, first caused sur-
prise, then anxiety, because it was prolonged.

None of the engineer's friends would have
supposed that he had gone to the Aberfoyle
mines, They knew thathe did not like to see
he old scene of his labors. Ile had never re-
visited it since the day when the last lump of
coal was drawn to the surface of the soil,
Meanwhile, as the steamboat had left him at
the landing-place at Stirling, they sought for
him in that neighborhood.

They inquired in vain. No one remember-
ed having scen the engineer in the county.
Jack Ryan alone, who had methim in Harry’s
company on one of the pillars of the Yarrow
shaft, could have satisfied public curiosity ;
but the merry fellow we know, was working
at Melrose Farm, forty miles off in the south-
west of Renfrew, and he little snspected that
there was any anxiety over the disappearance
of James Starr. Thus, eight days after his
visit to the cottage, Jack Ryan might have
continued to sing his best in the gatherings of

the Clan Irvin, if he himself had not some |

great trouble, which will soon be mentioned.

James Starr was a man of too much im-
portance, and too much thought of, not only
in the city, but in all Scotland, for a circum-
stance concerning him to pass unoticed. The
Tord Provost, first magistrate of Edinburgh,
the bailiffs, the barristers—most of whom
were friends of the engineer—commenced the
most active search, Agents were sent through
the country, but no result was obtained.

Tt then became necessary to. insert in the
leading newspapers of the United Kingdom an
advertisement relating to the engineer, James
Starr, describing him, naming the date when
he left Edinburgh, and then there was nothing
to do but wait. That was not done without
great anxiety. The savants of England were
almogt convinced that one of their most dis-
eae members had disappeared.

\

&

 

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

  
   
    
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
  

  

  

 

While there was so much anxiety over the
disappearance of James Starr, the disappear-
» of Harry was the subject of a percccu-

on none the less earnest 3; only, instead of
occupying public opinion, the old overseer's

 

{son only troubled the good humor of his

friends, Jack Ryan.

It may be recollected that, on their meeting
in the Yarrow shaft, Jack Ryan had invited
Harry to come, eight days after, to the Clan
Irvin merry-making. He had Harry's formal
acceptation and promise to be there on this
occasion. Jack Ryan knew, having verified
it many times, that his companion was a man
of his word ; with him, a thing promised was
g thing done.

Now, at the Irvin's festival nothing failed,
neither the songs nor the dances, nor the en-
joyments of all kinds-—nothing, if it were not
Harry Ford. Jack Ryan had commenced by
longing for him, because his friends absence
affected his good humor. He forgot the
words in the middle of one of his songs, and
for the first time stopped short during a jig
which generally brought him well-merrited
applause.

It must be said here, that the advertisement
relative to James Starr, and published in the
newspapers, had not yet come’ under Jack
Ryan's eyes. This brave fellow was worried
over Harry’s absence, saying to himself, that
only an important rcason would prevent him
keeping his promise. So, the day after the
Irvin festival, Jack intended to take the Glas-
gow Railroad, and go to the Dochart Pit—
and he would have done it had not anaccident
happened which cost him his life.

This is what happened during the night of
the 12th of December. In trath, the fact ofa
nature to encourage all believers in the super-
natural, and they were numerous on the Mel-
rose Farm,

Irvin, a small maritime village of the
County Renfrew, which numbers about seven
thousand inhabitants, is built in an abrupt
bend of the Scotch cost, almost at the mouth
of the Gulf of Clyde. Its port, well sheltered
from the seawinds, is lighted by an important
lighthouse, Which shows the shoals and reefs
in such a manner that the prudent sailor can-
not be deceived. Thus shipwreckers were
rare on this‘part of the coast, and the
coasters, whether embaiked on the Gulf
of Clyde to reach Glasgow, or knocking
about the Bay of Irvine, could maneuver with-
out danger, even in the darkest nights.

When a town is provided with a historical
past, no matter how trifling, when its castle
once belonged to Robert Stuart, it cannot but
possess certain ruins. a

SIN in Scotland, all ruins are haunted<gy
spirits. At least that is the general opinion
in the highlands and Lowlands. % ;

The oldest ruins, and also those with the
worst reputation on this part of the cost, were
precisely those of the castle of Robert Stuart,
which is called Dundonald Castle.

At this period, Dundonald Castle, the refuge
of all the stray goblins in the country, was
completely deserted. = It was seldom visited
on its high rock which it occupied above the
sea, two miles from the town. Perhaps
strangers still liked to investigate these old
histerical remains, but then they went there
by themselves. The people of” Irvin would
not have guided them for any price whatever.
In fact, some histcries were in circulation that
certain “Fire Ladies” haunted the old castle.

The most superstitious affimed that they
had seen these fantastic creatures with their
own eyes, Naturally, Jack Ryan was among
the latter,

The truth is, that from time to time, long
flames appeared on the front of a half fallen-in

wall; sometimes at the top of the tower which |,

overlooks all the ruins of Dundonald Castle.
Have these flames a human form, as some
affirm? Do they deserve the name of ‘Fire-
Ladies,” given them by the people of the
coast? It 'was evidentally an illusion of the
brain, increased to a superstition, and science
could have explained this physical pheno-
menon. 3
Whatever they were, the Fire-Ladies had
throughout the country, the well established
reputation of frequenting the ruins of the old
castle, and of their executing strange dances,
principally on dark nights. Jack Ryan, brave
as he was, would have risked accompanying
them with the big strains of his bag-pipe,
“The Old-Nick is enough for them,” he
said, “and he dosen’t need me to complete his
infernal orchestra !” 4
We can believe that these odd appearances
furnish the usual texts for evening tales. Thus,
Jack Ryan had quite a repertory of legends

himself at a loss when called upon to speak
of them. y

Thus, during this last vigil, well washed
down with ale, brandy and whiskey, which had
ended the Clan-Irvin merry-making, Jack
Ryan had not failed to take up his favorite
subject, to the great pleasure, cing the great
terror of his audience.

The gathering was held in a large farm of
the Melrose Farm, on %he confines of the
coast. A good coke fire burned on a sheet
iron tripod, placed in the midst of the com-
pany. EA

Out doors it was stormy. Thick fogs rol}
ed over the waves, while a strong breeze from
the southeast brought in from the ocean. *A
black night, not a gleam in the clouds, the
earth, the sky and the water being confound-

\ ;

\

   
   
    
  

about the ¢Iire-Ladies,” and never found

\ we

 

 

 

tit tn raisin

 

ed in the profound shadows.
difficult to navigate.in Irvine Buy, if any
I should be driven in by the winds that
at on the coast. $ .
The little port of Irvin was not much fre-
quented—at least by vessels of a certain ton-
nage. Trading vessels, whether steam or sail,
coast a little more to the north, when they
want to navigate the Gulf Clyde. :
That evening, however, a fisherman detain-
ed on the bank had j.erceived, not without sur-

 

 

be

prise, a vessel steering toward the coast. If

the day had suddenly dawned, it would have
been not only with surprise but with terror,
that this vessel would have been watched run-
ning before the wind every sail set. The en-
trance of the Gulf passed, there was no refuge
among the formidable rocks of the coast. If
this imprudent vessel persisted in coming
nearey, how could it be saved ?

The merry-making was about to be ended
by a last story from Jack Ryan. His listeners
transported into the world of phantoms were
just in the condition to believe in' the super-
natural.

Suddenly cries were heard from without.

Jack Ryan immediately stopped his narrative,

and all rushed from the bam.

The night was dark. Gusts of rain and
wind blew on the beach.

Two or three fisherman protected by a rock
which kept of the gists of air, were shouting
vociferously ;

Jack Ryan and his companion ran to them.

These cries were not addressed to the in-
habitants of the farm, but to a crew which
without knowing it, were hastening to destruc-
tion:#®

In fact a dark mass appeared indistinctly a
few cables length away from them. It wasa
vessel easily recgnized by its stationary lights,
for it carried a white light at its mizzen-mast,
a green light at its starboard, and a red light
at its larboard. They saw it driving ahead,
and it was manifest that it was driving at full
speed toward the coast.

“A ship going to destruction !”
Ryan.

“Yes,” answered one of the fisherman, “and
it must tack about zow, or it will be lost !”

“Signals, signals 1” cried one of the Scatch-

cried Jack

squall we could not keep a torch lighted.”

And, while these remarks were being readily
made, new cries of waraing were uttered. But
how could they be heard in the midst of this
tempest? The crew of the vessel had no
longer any prospect of escaping shipwreck.

“Why manuver in that manner 2° cried one
seaman, »

“Does she, then, want to gain the shore ?”
answered another, .

“The captain has no 1 ~owledge of the Irvin
lighthouse?” asked Jack Ryan.

“I should think so,” replied one of the
fisherman, ‘unless he has been deceived by
some & x g

The fisherman bad not finished his answer,

 

when Jack Ryan uttered a fearful cry. Wasit

heard by the crew?” At all events, it was (00
late for the vessel to release itself from the line
of breakers which looked white in the dark-
ness. :

But it was noi, as ope might suppose, an at
tempt of Jack Ryens to warn the lost vesszl;
Jack Ryan was then standing with his back to
the sea. His companions also, were locking
at a point situated half a mile from the strand.

It was the Castle of Dundenald. A long
flame was twisted about by gusts of wind, on
the top of the old tower.

“The Fire-Lady!” all these superstitious
Scotchmen cried out, in great terror.

Frankly, it required a great deal of imagi-
nation to find a human form in this flame.
Blown about, like a luminous vail beneath the
breeze, it seemed at times to encircle the top
of the tower, as if it were on the point of being
extinguished, and a moment after it would
unite again at its bluish extremity.

«The Fire-Lady! the Fire-Lady !” cried the
fishermam and the frightened peasants.

All was then explained. It was evident
that the ship, put out of her reckoning in the
fog, had lost her course and that she had taken
this flame ; I lit on the top of Dundonald
castle, for the Irvin lighthouse. She thought
herself in the entrance of the Gulf, situated ten
miles farther north, and she was running to-
ward a rock coast, which offered her no refuge!

What could be done to save her, if not al-
ready too late? Perhaps they would ascend
to the ruins, and attempt to extinguish this so
that it could no longer be confouded with the
lighthouse at Port Irvin!

Doubtless, this was the way they should act,
and without delay; but which of the Scotch-
men would have ‘the thought, and after the
thought, the audacity to brave the Fire-Lady?
Jack Ryan, perhaps, for he was brave, and his
credulity, strong as it was, could not prevent
him from doing a generous action, 4

He was too late. A horrible crash sounded
through the war of the elements. |

The vessel had just struck aft. Her lights
were extinguishéd. The whitish line of the
surf seemed breken for a moment, It was the
ship which stranded, capsized, and went to
pieces on the reefs. ii}

And at this same moment, by a coincidence
which could only be due to chance, the long

flame disappeared, as if snatchced away by a

violent gust. ‘Ine sea, the sky, the strand

.
ee. fe ee ree A et Pt tt et ee A re th it

 

    
  
   
   
   
     
   
   
 
   
  

“Which ?” replied the fisherman. “In this

 

 

 

fl

This made it | were immediately plunged again into the most

 

profound da

“The Fire
when this app
hi

KNESS.
Lady 1”

  

cried Jack Ryan again
supernatural for him and
i enly vanished,

_ But then, the courage which thesdjsupersti-
tious Scotchman lacked against an imaginary
danger, they found in the presence of real
danger, now that there were fellow-beings to
be saved. The wild elements did not stop
them. By means of cords thrgwn into the
waves—as heroic as they had Pen credulous
—they ‘cast themselves into the waves to
succor the ship wrecked vessel,

Happily, they succeeded, not all, but some
of them—and the brave Jack Ryan was one of
the number—were grievionsly wounded on the
rocks ; but the captain of the vessel and the
eight men of the crew were laid, safe and
sonnd on the strand.

This vessel was the Norwegian brig “Mo-
tala,” laden with wood from the north on the
way to Glasgow.

It was only to true. The captain deceived
by this light, lit on the tower of Dundonald
Castle, had just been driven on shore, instead
of making the Gulf of Clyde. ona

And, now, there was nothing left of the
“Motala,” but the stranded wreck, of which
the swf was breaking up the remains on the
rocks of the coast.

 
 
   

Cr
LIC

 
 
  

5 COM
i

 

 

 
 

 

CHAPTER XI.
JACK RYAN’S EXPLOITS.

* Jack Ryan and sthree of his companions
wounded like him, had been carried into one:
of the rooms of the Melrose Fan, where
every care was immediately lavished on them.

Jack Ryan had been the most badly treated
for, at the moment when, the rope round his
waist, he had thrown himself into the sea, the
furious waves had rudely rolled him on the
reefs,
got him alive to the bank.

The brave fellow was thus confined to his
bed for several days. This enraged him. How-
ever, when he had been given permission to
sing as mnch as he wished, he tock his sick-
ness more patiently] and the Melrose Farm
resounded every hour with his joyous bursts of
song. But Jack Ryan in this adventure only

1 felt a strong sentiment of fear in regird to the

brawnies and other goblins Who amused them-

thought them responsible for the catastrophe
to the ‘“Motala.” It would have been useless
to tell him that the Fire-kadies did not exist,
and that this flame so suddenly projected be-
tween the ruinsywas duly only to physical
phenomena, No reasoning could have 'con-
vinced him of it. Fis companions were still
more obstinate than he in their credulify. To
believe them, one of the Ladies of Fire had
wickedly attracted the ‘“Motala” to the coast.
It would be as easy to punish them as to im-
pose a penalty on the storm! The magis-
trates might decree any proceedings they
pleased. You cannot imprison a flame, or
chain an impalpable being. And, if it must
be said the inquiries which were afterward
made seemed to give reason, at least in ap-
pearance, to the superstitious way of explain-
Ing events. 5

A magistrate, charged with directing an in-
quiry relative to the loss of the “Molata,”
came to interrogate the various witnessess of
the catastrophe. All agreed on this point, that
the shipwreck was due to the supernatural
appariation of a Fire-Lady in the ruins of the
Castle of Dundonald. We know that reason
could not agree with such explanations. , The
was no doubt that a pwely physical pheneot
menon was produced in those ruins, But was
it accident or malevolence? This was what
the magistrate should seek to establish.

The word “malevolence” is not suprising.
It is not necessary to seek far in maritime his-
tory to find justificatian for it. Many wreckers
on the coast of Hhittany have used this means
of attracting vessels to the share, in order to
divide the spoils. Sometimes a clump of resin-
cus trees, ignited during the night, guided a
ship inte the shoals from which it could not
get out, Often a torch, fastened to the horns
of a bull, and moving at the caprice of the
animal deceived a ship as to the course it
should follow. The result of these manuvers
was In evitably a shipwreck, by which the
wreckers profited. The intervention of justice
and severe examples were necessary to destroy
these barbarous customs. Might it not be
that, in this case,’ a criminal hand had made
use of the old traditions of the wreckers?

Whatever Jack Ryan and his companions’
thought, this was what the police believed,
The former, when they had heard the inquiry
mentioned divided into two parties—one con-
tented itself with shrugging their shoulders ;
the other, more fearful, announced that, un-
doubtly, to thus provoke supernatural beings
was to bring of new catastrophies,

Nevertheless, the inquiry was made with
much care. The policemen went to Dun-
donald Castle, and proceeded with the most

vigorous search. The magistrate wished frst

to ascertain if the soil had preserved any foot-
prints which could be attributed to other feet
than those of goblins. It was impossible to
find the slightest trace, either old or new.
Yet the ground, still quite wet from the rain

of the day hefore, would have preserved the

least vestige. 3
[To be Continued.

It was only strange that his comrades
”

selves in tormenting poor people, and he

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 
  
   
