  
 
 
    
 

 

 

 

 

ST. JOHN, N. B, SA

and corner loafer to the respectable
merchant clerk who hes, no doubt,
{ '®|vontured there on the same crrand
as ourselves ; around the walls of the
building is a line of wooden benches

A Visit 1) the Slums which is not enough to contain the
0

 

  
 

  

 

sight-seeing mass. The floor of the
building is fairly full of dancers, who
anit] como in from all the adjacent houses in

order to have a dance and secure some

Thi DANGE HALLS TAKEN IN, one with whem they can affiliate. As
a a matter of course dapeing can not he

UEOEEN Che © .. [carried on without music, and the en-
Sights and weenes on the terprising proprietor of the establigh-

ment has secured a piano and two vio-
ling, which furnish the necessary music,

The dance continttes and everything is

Streets,

A PLACE THAT OUGHT TO BE kept orderly by an efficient floor man-
CLOSED UPR. ager, whose place it is ts manage the

dance and keep order in the building,

¥ which, while we were there, we must

There ave always localitiea in every | admit there was no cause of complaint,

city that are pot considered to be high-1in this particular. After the dance was

toned, or oven respectable. In these|over the dancers made an immediate
localitics, which in viost cities are desig-| rush for the bar, which is located along-

natad the shams, reside all sort of poo-|side of the entrance door. whera thet

f which would uhdoubt-
edly prove very interesting. But itis
nob of the inhabitants of the slums of
other cities which we intend to speak at
present ; we will fake up the corres

dancers either partock of a glass of la-
ger or indulged in a eigar, the female
portion generally taking the latter,
which they smoke with as much gusto
ag if they were of the opposite sex.
After watching the process of dancing
and drinking in this dance hall we
passed around to the Star Hall,” situ-
ate on Carmarthen street, whera the

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

108

ACD

ponding neighborhood of our own eity,
which is well known as

and parts streets that join \
it at right angles. This process 13 the same, each dance costing

(the male dancer the sum of sixteen
cents, and as there is mo difficulty in
finding partners the price is cheap.
We waited around the corner of Car-
marthen street until midnight, when
the dance halls shut up and their pa-
trons leave which does not take long.
The sober portion at once leave for
home, while, those who have imbibed a
little too freely of intoxicating drink do
not leave so quickly, but hang arcund
antil one or two or perhaps morc geb
too boisterous in their amusement and
oo ETRE ev 4 : get into the clutches of the law when
Ru fnaiti of She past history of} they are placed in the lock-up which is
the street, oh us take up what has};ot the pleasantest place to spend a
, been seen by voporter of the Dip night, although many young men and
upon several visits lately paid to that iw emen too have the oxtreme satisfac-

John.
ever had have trom
harbored wi its precincts and it
the scene of many a row in

received their
and could some of the
old houses that stood there bofore the
fire speak, they would doubtless tell of
many an unknown outrage, as well as

has been
which parties have

death blow ;

many praotical
played hy the

jokes, that have been
a f the stroet

enizens ox

UPON THEIR TIPEY VISITORS,

locality. It was a fine Saturday tion of sleeping off a drunk only to
evening when we first entered into wake up and find themselves soro and
Sheffield street by Carmarthen.

numb from sleeping on the hard boards.
A few weeks passed before we again
Sane iat eT visited i locality referred to ire
nT ; x Hy a ox} Saturday last Fun visited
this ‘street. Our last visit was under

the escort of Sergeant Briggs, who ex-
The first place we viewed was the | hibited to many new phases of

“ (3lobe Dance Hall,” which is quite a | low life, none of which are especially
large establishment. The entrance is|interesting, and if they were what was
through a deuble door and into a small | seen would hardly do for the columns
lobby where the ticket seller stands. of a newspaper. Takenall in all, Shet-
Passing through the sntrance door we field street to the casual observer ig not
met’ with a dense crowd of onlookers | so intensely wicked as some people think
which includes people cf every nation- | it to be though, perhaps, to those
ality and, in fact. we observe people of know the history of the place itis.

Arriving at the corner of the street we
were met and welcomed by Sergeant

N37
vy

Meat hy 8
SHOW: US ROUND.

ns

every walk ot life from the low reugh

:

|

|

|

3 { {

AT

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
  

who

But much as the existence of such streets | athletic men and educated horses.”

 

URDAY, MA)

and such dens is to bo regretted it is
easier to say do away with such places
than to effect thie desired result. If a
policeman enters one of these places the
whole establishment is at onco alarmed,
and before a search can he accomplish-
ed all the necessary proof and witnesses
have diappeared. 2

 

But in closing we should like to di-
roct attention to at least-ome place that
should be: closed up. - The propriotor
is now in gaol and his wife has disap-
peared, se that it would be compara-
tively easy to close the place up. Its
I known to the police.

¢
situation is wel

slogiidelobpe, Jorty obi

More than a Year Without Food,

The London News says: “The female
anaconda mm the Zoological Gardens
was torn from her home in South Am-
erica some time in 1876. She was car-
ried across the ogean in a’ narrow “bax,
which caused her great discomfort, and
may possibly have impaired her di-
"Tn Februovy, 1877, the ana-

 

-

abode, but she refused to be comforted
or to ‘take anything to eat. The
dainties which have the greatest charm
for her, live birds, and other animated
trifies, were, happily for them, exhi-
bited in vain. She persevered in starv-
ing herself resolutely, not to say sul-
lenly, and we do not learn that food
was thrust upon her per-force. A few
days ago she recovered the taste for
living, and gratified her friends by
slaying and swallowing an unfortunate
duck, She may now da very: well, for
appetite comes as we eat, but her pro-
Jonged fast of at least a year might
prove trying to the most serpentine con-
stitutions. It would be interesting to
know whether the anaconda’s weight
has varied at all during her unexam-
pled performance.

Barnum’s “Wicked” Shrew,

 

 

Some strange temptation induced a
Methodist clergyman in Wilmington,
Delaware, to preach against Barnum's
“(ireatest Show on Earth,” Mr. B. ha
written to the Wilmington Republican
in comment upon the matter, and the
following is on extract from his letter :

“Of course, by shutting his eyes, lio
may believe it is dark, and he may by
shutting his understanding, avoid the
greet sin of looking on my profane
giraffes, my drunken. sea lions, my
swindling camels, my gambling rhinoce-
roe, thieving monkeys, debanched ante-
lopes and Iams, degraded lions, tigers
and leopards, slanderous ostriches, hy-
pocritical vultures, horetical golden
pigeons, irreligious parrots and can-
tankerous cockatoes. He will, by the
same process, be spared the humiliation
of associating with my “Temperance
Family,” life size, in wax. He won't
oven risk his precious soul by behold

ine tho Behemoth, the giants, the

BD
dwarfs, the tattooed Greek nobleman,

nor tho moving model of
Strasburg Apostolic clock ;
on tamed elephants, unragenerate horso-
| riding boars, frisky daneing ponies,

 

2, 1876, _

the famous |
neither will
his salvation be jeopardized by looking |

 

 

Digs 9 (ts.
A TALE OF LIFE!
TWO PAIR OF EYES.

Unlimited TIndaigence in
Frait and Peppermints.

 

 

THE OCURSEQUENCES TREREQF.

Not lang since a: promising young :stair-
builder (who shall be :
suburbs of city,

caused by a pair

nanieless), living in. the

 

the had the “first twitter”
of fascinaling dark eyes.
After indulging in several treats of fiuils and
lolly-pops, and raised ‘great expeetatidns of ox
“ wedding « presents; (buying * wedding pres,
sents’ he thinks an exceedingly amusing and
profitable  gceppationy;, after, contemplating,
upon the future for two or three aveeks; he was
taken hadly with * Twitter Ne. 2,” (much to
the amusements of her. numerous friends),
brought on by a.pair of {: Heavenly eyes;” so
called by him, though an artist would, fail to"
the comparison, they being the missing
ling between buttermilk-grey and cat-green.
Being cut by No. I he attempted to bestow
his afiections (if he had any) on. No. 2 bypay-
ing particular attention to her, giving sweet-
meats (don't imagine bead apd mlagses, but
Peppermini- - - ote pre

Es iL %
edd hi

ber. pHawing

neglect s business he. went head over heels,

saying is, on

pardon the slang, in debt, as the, say
account of the high price of oranges ; hence

the failure of the large grocery. Not content

with © (wo twitters” he -cxpects to take about

eight more of the delightful things,

‘When a rival of No. 2 steps forward at the
church door, we ceusider her jilted; vO, bol
ish young mean, beware! ,\When last seen he
was holding on to the telegraph post, looking,
witli tears in his eyss, ‘at the corner she. just
past, contemplating, upon the perfect fit of his
kids, i

We remain, in a perfect sta

) . qx

te of horror of

young mens’ actions, n.tixy 8 tiv
TRUE FRIENDS.
Ee se

Cat Ont by His Sen.

:
“Ad

 

A recent dispatch. fromy: Rushville,
Indy say: A rather. novel wedding
was solemnized in our country elerk’s
office yesterday evening. Charles
Harak, a wealthy farmer, living near
King’s Station, in' this county, and
whose locks have withstood the assaults
of seventy winters, wooed and: (as he
supposed) ‘won the’ heart and hand of
Miss Mary J. Morris, & neighboring
lady, whose golden tresses have been
fanned hy the © gentle ~hrecdes of
eighteen summers. ‘118 proposed, was
accepted, and yesterday { morning the
wings of love wafted him lado the
clerk’s office, where he obtained: the
necessary license. He started home
with a light heart and smiling ccAimben-
ance. But, lalas | During: listabsence,
one of his sons visited the fickle maiflen,
and so vigerously besieged, theyeifidel
of her affections. thatshe surrendered,
jumped into a vehicle, with him, drove
to town by a circuitous rouie, and, their
heaits were burning in unison as lus-
band and wife before the old man
reached home.  ATargé crowd witness-
od the ceremony: «Ids wsaidithat the
true stdte of affairs; opened is mouth

and blasphemedi x +i iy wi wliby
i LAN RRL pledge 1 Blin

An enthusiastic Indiana cditorwircte
«The battle 18 now opened; uty alas |!
the intelligent composite spelt {haittlc”
With ano" and higirbatlons saw dhey

: de
have suspected 1t all along.
