3 eee A A eee TT

 

THE PENNY DIP.

St, John, N. B., May 25, 1878,

J ees Ee
RETIREMENT.

 

 

ee a La A

With the last number of the Div the for-
‘mes editors and proprietors ceased to have
any connection whatever with this journal,
and they now wish to thank the public for
the very liberal patronage that has been ex-
tended to them since they commenced the
publication of the paper in December last.
With regard to the manner in which the paper
has. been conducted we have nothing what-
Pe to say only that we did what we con-
sidered right, honest and just. We do mot
doubt that we, like all others, have erred in
judgment in many cases, but that is only
buman. Our aim hasalways been to raise the
tone of public morals, and we consider that
should a man, or woman for that part of the
matter, do wrong, he or she should receive a
public reprimand. In retiring from all con-
neution with this paper we wish the new edi-
tors and proprietors all manner of success in
their enterprise. Wishing the readers of the
Dir a hearty adieu, we are yours respectfully,

THE FORMER EDITORS.

 

BALLET DANCING.

For the past two or three days St. John
has had some good exhibitions of ballet
dancing and gaiety shows. Mr. McDowell
who has evidently found out that the legiti-
mate drama would not pay in St. John and
has, consequently had recourse to the ballet
ac a manner of replenishing his treasury,
‘But McDowell's ballet is good, that is te
those who like an exhibition of legs in pre-
fereqee to an exhibitign of dramatic art, but
for our part it has no charms,

In Deckrill’s Hall another show has been
holding forth, the actors in which are pot
even deeent in their language on the stage,
expressions issuing from the mouth of both
wale and female actors that would bring a
blush of shame to the cheek of any modest
woman,

 

" The time is coming when the business man
retires to his country seat, stretches himself
upon the lawn with his head upon an ant hill,
and gets his shirt full of ants, and the conse-
quence is he imagines his clothes a walking off
with him, or that some one’s rubbing him
down with a garden rake or a curry comb.

 

‘Has any one observed that the Moffet bell
punch marks the flight of the swallow ? It does.
~FEx," We have. But what we want to
know is how many will the punch mark be-
fore the “swallows homeward fly ?”

i

 

A Georgia lad split his toe, but varnished it
and it healed—Zx. Then he was heeled at
both ends of the foot.—Norristown Herald.
If this is the case how does he put his boot
on?

 

American papers are discussing diphtheria,
They have it that it was imported from
Europe to America in 1771, and that it origi-
ginated in Egypt over two thousand years
ago.

An exchange says that the human race de-
prived of insects would fade from the earth.
Just so. Plenty would die of inactivity if
they were not kept busy scratching.

 

 

The “‘hug-me-tight” is the latest article of |

feminine wear, and the girls are all the time
making mention of it to the boys.

 

PL. «Phim to “smile,” urges a contem-
“porary. This is pretty adviee for an
editor to give, whose task it is to’

mould public opinion. Young men
learn to ““ smile” soon enough without
any nowspaper instructions on the
subject. It is suspoetod that the editor
owns an interest in a large distillery,

  
 

:

Should a Man Buy Oil Paintings
Before. he Pays his
Honest Debts?

SHY Be

DISHONESTY |!

A VERY SENSIBLE LETTER ON|

THIS SUBJECT. Cop

SIR,—Yesterday," in looking over the 74
egraph of the 22nd inst., I read a notice en-
titled ¢ At Sale of; Paintings at ‘Mr, Miles’
Gallery,” in which was given the names of
purchasers of these beautiful-works of Art,

I was glad to see that homeart and indus-
But as my eye fell on
the name of one of the purchasers, I thought
it was a ‘pity that home dishonesty also was

try were patronized.

rewarded, patronized and encouraged, else
the same purchaser would be applying the
funds with which he bought pictures in less-
ening his debts to his creditors (though in ever
so small a degree) than for him to be adem-
ing the walls of his palatial residence (built
with other ‘people’s money) with ¢ gems” of
art and the ¢ largest picturé inthe collection.”

Scribner for June has an article on * Crime
in its own element” which, I think, bears
singularly well upon the case in point, it
says: “When such a man as William M.
Tweed rises in a community, and becomes 2
great public thief, and debauches, or seems to
debauch, 4 ‘multitude of helpers and defend-
ers, and achieves supreme power over a mil-
lion people, there ‘is really nothing strange
or unnatural about it. The way is all pre-
pared for his operations. The atmosphere in
which such a man can breathe is all ready for
his breathing, The food upon which such a
man can live lies all around him.”

There is no force in organization that can
oppose him. Tweed tould no more have
done what he did, if the public mind had been
in a souhdtconditien, than a whale cold swim
on dry land. He accomplished his gigantic
robberies, with long years of impunity, be-
cause the tone of the public morality was low,
and because there were multitudes who were
ready to divide the spoils of iniquity with him.
Nothiag but the instinct of self-preservation
led men so to organize their forces that he was
overthrown. It is well, therefore, now that he
passed away in ignominy, for the public to
say little about him, and to. remember
that he was only an ulcer upon the body poli-
tic which betrayed the vitiated blood that cir-
culated out of sight.” :

In support of this I have now lying om be-

fore me a list of the liabilities of the said

insolvent (who lately figured in a nct very
creditable way in the court) amounting to
$21,016.00 by his own showing, in addition
to a debt of over $4,000, which he denled but
afterwards was for ignobly to acknowledge,
making a totat of $25,215; whilst his avad-
able assets only amounted to $5,600, and
this no longer ago thas Degember last.
. Now, sir, in the face of all this, I thjgk
that man has an unparalleled amount of
brass in his cheek when he could thus defy
‘public sentiment and his unfortunate creditors
at the same time, I'think if he would keep
a little in a Skady Nook and net appt his ill
gotten gains ‘so close to people’s. eyes, and
keep quiet untii the memory of his dishonesty
has passed into oblivion a little, he would
save himself much censure that now {alls to
his lot, “A list of his creditors with the
‘sams appended to their names I will send you
at some {ginre time for publication. Thank-
ing you for your epace,
I remain,

ONE Or THE VICTIMS WHO CANNOY

ATFORD 10 BUY COIL PAINTINGS.

Ne Ag

“There is nothing new under the

sun,” remarked Solomon, the wise king.

“How about neuralgia?’ asked Reho-

far away odor of old Robertson countr
arnica on his moustache. The monarch
scowled and said Le hoped the kingdom
of Israel hadn’t got down to running a
paragraphoer’s association just yet.—
Phustingion Hawkeye.

 

  
    
 

boam, walking into the palace with his]
‘Jaw tied up in red flannel and the faint,

 

THE BOY AND THE SKELETON,

—

#t

<
ee Tho boy stood in the coffin shop ;

His bright smilos all had fled |
A tallow candle lighted up
‘The fixtures for the dead, +

It Jighted up the offing grim,
It shone upon the clerk,

ho slily hid a pack of cards ~~
And mado beliove at work. \

But when he saw the little lad
Was frightened moro than he,
He winked unto his comrade bad

And caid “ Fan wo shall see,’

* Dear little boy," he sweetly spoke,
© And smoled a smile of gloom ;
‘‘ There's something nice for you to take
Just yonder in that recom.”
Tho timid youth went in and saw
A ekeleton was there
It waved ita arms and snapped it jaw,
Which stood up straight his hair.
The lad was frozen to the spot
But soon his throat was thawed,
And then of horrid yells—a lot
From out that back room poured.

With rolling eyog end pallid cheeks
He bolted from that store,

Discoureing on hia way of shiricks
About a million more.

The undertaker sat up stairs
A sipping of his tea;

His features sharp, quite few his hairs,
And tall and thin wag he.

A tolling to his eager wife
About the corpse s0 nice,

Which he, e?e doctors took its life,
Had shaved and put on ice.

But when he heard those howl's resound
He quicly ruzhed below ;

A trick upon a boy he found
Had caused this scene of woe.

And fearing he might custom lose
He beckoned from the strect,

‘ Come back, my son, they shan't abuse,
He cried in accents sweet,

He shouted back in tertor tones,
His fingers at his nose,

‘You can’t fool me again; old Bones!
I know you in your clothee,”

Be = CE.

A Crurca NEepi—A new kind of
pew bench is imperatively demanded.
It is jmmaterial how it 1s made or of
what it is made. It is needed and
must be had at once. What is required
is something that will not by any possi-
bility tip up in the most impressive
part of the service—something that a
woman, however, much she may be ab-
sorbed in a bonnet ahead of her, will
not displace. . No pew bench fills the
bill. No one has attempted to do away
with the dreadful nuisance, and the
bench goes pounding the floor, and fil-
ling noble hearted people with dismay.
When a safe pew bench is established
the community will enjoy a greater
peace of mind, and better facility for
looking sround ‘to sce what other peo-
ple have on.—[ Danbury News.

 

"A Nevada man. whose wife asked
him to ‘take “her to the circus boldly
answered: © “I've . lost four wives
already, and you're the fifth, and afore
them circus fellows get here I'm goin’
to chain you up.” ,

Judge Hilton has made another
blunder, and the Women’s Hotel will
prove a miserable failure. ¥very word
of the bill of fare is printed in plain
Fnglish that anybody can understand |
—/[ Cincinnati Breakfast Table,

The latest discovory in the photg-
graphic art enajleg the operator to pho-
tograph a heart beat. ut the arf has
not reached that perfection that will
enable him to photograph a “dead beat”
with any assurance of getting paid for
the job.—[Norristown Herald.

“ Hogarth would sketch any face
that struck him on his finger nail.”
Jrgm which it may be inferred that he
wag newer fghpek” hy the face of a
lightning rod agent. Hoe would have
wanted o finger nail the size of a barn
‘door to get in all the “cheek.” —[Nor-
| pistown Herald:

“ Who was the doubting disciple ¥”
wsked the Sunday ' school teacher.
# Peter” promptly replied the smart
bad boy. “No, Thomas,” said the
teacher. “ Then, what do people al-
ways say © Potered out’ for asked
this smart bad boy. — [Burlington
Hawkeye. -

{circus and menagerie.

 

"PENNY DIP” SNUFFINGS,

 

The Indian question— Canoe hear
the birch bark?—[N, Y. News.

Take a vote as to which is the most
pular month, and what a vote would
May Pole [Cincinnati Sat. Night.
i There ig a proverb which says that
‘capital "1s timid.” We realize its
truthfulness. It is afraid to come near

w.- [N. Y, Mail !

There is a difference in milk-maids :
the milk made in the country is not
the same as the milk made in the
city.—| Brooklyn Union.

If the dogs have to wear muzzles
now they will be obliged to travel
around in a bank vault by the first of
Angust.—[ Danbury News.

The agricultural papers are already
discussing small fruit—though it will
be months before they will be a cur-
rant to-pic.—[N. Y. Graphic.

* Don't tell the Utica school children
that the age of miracles has passed.
The boys and girls behold numericals
every day.—[ Utica Observer.

There must be as many names carved
on thetemple of fame now as on an
old fashioned country school house
door.— [Turners Falls Reporter.

There is something sad about a hasp,
but whether it’s the tone or the collec-
tion taken up by the player is what
puzzles the philosophical mind.—[De-
troit Free Press,

There is no man who feels so
a8 he who goes about asking what
would be a good inscription for a
tombstone, and has his own nams
suggested.-—[Puck.

o

George Francis Train predicts that
Chicago will be destroyed by water.
We always thought they putting
two much water in their whiskey out
there,—{ Oil City Derrick.

were

Barnum has tendered the entire Con-
necticut Legislature a free pass to his
These little
amenities between rival shows are very
pleasing. —[N. Y. Com. Adv.

“Joe” Cook haz been accused of
stealing his original ideas from others.
This reminds us that there are a. good
many “ joke hooks” among the edito-
rial fraternity. —[ Whitehall Times.

When a series of belts and whacks,
mingled with groans, yells and much
prancing about, ia heard in a house, it
is a parent what is the cause of it, most
always,—[ Danielsonville Sentinel,

Do not try to console a bow-legged
man by telling him that “a curved line
ig the line of beauty.” It is safer to
walt till you leave town, and then con-
sole him by postal card.—[ Worcester
Press.

A Nyack man was discovered in the
cellar of a grocery store locking into a
barrel of beef. When asked what he
wag dging thers he gently and timidly
replied, “I wish I could get corned
like that.” —N. Y. Herald. HE

Some one asked Judge Black how
he could conscientiously defend a self-
confessed criminal like Belknap, He
replied “that there was only two ways
for a man to make a living in Wash-
ington, ome by robbing the Govern-
ment and the other by defending them
when caught.”—[Phila, Bulletin,

We don’t want te appear-ignorant er
unsophisticated or anything of that
kind, although we don’t mind owning
up that we're young and inexperienced,
hut, really, we would like to have some:

ody tell us whether fishes spawn thei
watches and overcoat? — fst. Louis
Journal,

A correspondent asks us if we he-
leyy thap the Marquis gf Larne reglly
writes the poems that appear over his
own name, We don't know positively ;
but we should think that a man of
Lome's fortune and position would
omploy a servant to do them for him.
He probably does.—[ Puck.

cheap

 
