you know that hand ?”said he.

 

ppt

or ET ed
© Life.
Life is a rose, brier-burdencd, yet eweot—
Blooming a day.
_ ¥linging its perfume liko perfume to meet—
Wind blown away.

Loaf after loaf spreads its blush to tho alr,
Kissed by the sun. J
Decper-huod growing ag joy wales it fair—

Love's guerdon won.

J Leaf after leaf shrinks up from ‘the heart
Leaving it baro;
Calor and fragrance and, joy all depart—
. None loft to care. 4

Nay, the Divine in it lingers there still}
God's caro in all.

Rose-loaves but drop at the beck of is will—
Fotters which thrall. !

Up from it's trammels the frecd spirit wings,
Higher to soar; i
Altar immortal, a pure essence flings— ©
Sweot evermore | i
‘ RRA
Commenced in No, 19. Back Nos. always on hand

THE BLACK-NDIES |

5

By JULES VERNE.

CHAYTER 1V.
‘THE FORD FAMILY,

g (Continned.) 5

“They were about to sit down.
¢One moment, Simon,” said Tames Starr,
“Po you want me to eat with a good appe-
tite.” * :
“That will be doing us the greatest honor
possible, Mr. James,” said Sunon Ford.
“Then it is better to have nothing on my

‘mind. I'have two questions to ask yon.)

Go on, Mr. James."

: “Your letter speaks of a communication of
a nature to interest me?’

“Tt is very interesting indeed.”

“For you’

“For you and for me, Mr. James, Butl
do not wish to speak ofit until after breakfast,
and in the place itself. Otherwise, you would
not believe me.

* “Simon,” said the engineer, ‘look at me-=
20, in the eye. An interesting communica-
tion ?” i

Yes—good! I will ask you no more about
it,” he added, reading in the old oversecr’s

face the answer he hoped for.

“And the second question?” zsked Simon,
“Do _you know Simon, who the person is
that could write me that?” He handed Simon
the anonymous letter, :
- Simon Ford took the letter and read it very
attentively, Then showed it to hisson. ‘Do

"No, father !™ : ’
“And this letter was stamped at the Aher-
foyle post-office,” ‘asked Simon Ford. "|
“Yes, the same as yours.” :
“What do. you think of ‘that, - Harry?”
asked Simon Ford, wrinkling his forehead.)
“I think, father, that some one has had a
motive for preventing Mr. Start from keeping

the appointment made with you.”

“But who ?”” cfied ‘the cold miner.
has read my secret thoughts?”
Simon Ford fell into a pensive “reverie,”

“Who

. which was soon broken by his wife's voice.
~ “Sit down, Mr. Starr, the soup is cooling.”

For the present; let us think no more of the
letter. ! op + & : ; PAS i
Thus invited, each took a seat. James
being honored with a chair cppesite
dge, and the father and son facing each
other. It was a plentiful Scotch meal. First
they had hotchpotch—a soup in which the
meat swims in an excellent broth, To beliéve
old Simon, his wife had no rival in the art, of
preparing hotchpotch. | The same ‘was true of
the. cocky-luky, a kind of chicken ragout, fla-
vord with onions, which merited more praise.
All was washed down by an excellent ale,
drawn from the best casks in the Edinburgh
breweries. ; “4
But the principal dish was a haggis, the na-
tional pudding, made of meats and. barley-
meal. This remarkable dish, which inspired
the poet Burns with one of his first odes, met
the fate of all the best things in the world—
it passed like a dream. sa oni¥ii] |
Madge received the sincere compliments of
her guest. Pe 1
‘The breakfast was finished with a desert,
composed of cheese and cakes—oaten cakes—
finely prepared, accompanied by several little
glasses of ““usquebaugh,” an excellent brandy
made from grain, which was twenty-five
years old—just Harry's age. .
, The meal lasted a good hour. James Starr
and Simon Ford had not only eaten hearily—
they had talked incessantly, principally over
or times at Aberfoyle.
arry had been very quiet. Twice he had
left the table and the ho: Tt was evident
that he felt very uneasy since the accident of
S985 and he viraged to search inthe vicin-
of the cottage. The anonymops | /
not calculated Es re-assure as BH
During one of these absences,
suid to Simon Ford and Madge +
“You have a fine son there, my friend,”

“”®

S

the engineer

sn eee eh et A A
ee ——— pe eet et et

 

 

“Yes, Mr. James,” said the old overseer
eagerly, “a good and devoted one.”
“He is quite satisfied here?” bs

“Je would not leave us.”

«Still, you hope to see him marry?”

“Harry get married!” cried Simon Ford.
“And to whom? To a girl up above, who
would love merry-making and dancing, and
prefer her clanto our mine {Harry would not
do it {”

“Simon,” said Madge, “you will not insist
upon our hairy not marrying ¢"

“I will insist on nothing,”
miner; “but there is no hurry.
but we may find himi—--"

Harry entered at this moment, and Simon
Ford was silent. :

Madge stood up : all foilowed her example,
and went to sit for a moment at the door of
the cottage.

“Well, Simon,” said the engineer, “I am
listening.”

“Mr. James,” said Simon Ford, *‘it is not
your ears, but your legs that I need, Are you
thoroughly rested?" s

“Rested and refreshed, Simon. [am ready
to go with you wherever you please.”

“Harry,” said Simon, twining to his son
“light our safety-lamps.”

“Safety-lamps |” cried James Starr, much
surprised, for explosions of fire-damp are not
to be feared in mines absolutely empty of coal,

“Yes, Mr. James, for prudence.”

My brave Simon, are you not going to
offer me a miner's dress?’

“Not yet, Mr. James—not yet,” said the old
overseer, Lis eyes flashing singularly in their
deep sockets.

Harry, ‘who had entered the cottage, soon
came out; carrying the safety-lamps.

He handed one to the engineer, another to
his father, and taking the third in his left hand,
armed himse!f with'a long stick,

“Forward !” cried Simon Foid, grasping a
stout pick whigh rested near the cottage door

“Forward }” repeeted the engineer. “Coced-
bye, Madge!"

“(God be wi

said the old
Who knows

Li you !”’ said the Seofchwomarn.

“A good per, wife, you know,” eried
Simon Ferd, **We shall be hungry when
get back, and will do it honor,”

  
 

 

 

   

 

CHAPTER V.

SOME INEXTLICABLE PHENOMENA.

 

The superstitions of Scotland are well
known. In certain clans the lands {enants
gathered for a vigil, love to relate storjck
taken from hyperborean mythology. Educa:
tion though largely and liberally spread over
the country, has not-yet been able W cenfine
the legends to the category of fiction. They
seem to be inhsrent in the soil of old Cale-
domia. | It # still the land of spirits and
ghosts, of goblins and fairies. There always
appears the evil genius, who oply depais by
means, of ready money; the Sar of the
Highlanders, who, by a gift of second sight.
predicts approaching deaths; the 8ay Jlou/-
lack, vhich shows itself under the form of a
young girl, with_hairy arms, and predicts the
misfortunes with which the families ard men-
aced ;' the ‘fairy ‘Branshiz, who announces
fatal events; the BHrawsntes, to’ whom is con-
fided the care of the household furniture ; the
Uresk, who frequents more particularly the
wild gorges of Loch Kairing, apd many
others. ;

It is mnatiral that ‘the population of the
Scotch mines should furnish its share of
legends and fables to this mythological re-
pertory. If the mountains of the IHighlands
are peopled with fanciful beings, either good
or bad, with much more reason should the
dark mines be haunted to their lowest depths.
Wo makes the deposit tremble during the
stormy nights; who puts the miner on the
traek of the vein yet ynworked ; who }ights
thes fire-damp, and presides over the teruible
explosions, if nat some genius of the pine?

It was, at least,” the” belief, wide spread,
among the superstitious Scotch, Ip truth, the
majority of the miners willingly believed in
the supernatural, when only physical phenom-
ena were in operation, and it would have been
a loss of time to endeavor to convince them
of the truth, Where should credulity be more
freely developed than at the bottom of these
abysses? ;

Now, the Aberfoyle mines, precisely be-
cause worked in the land of legends, would
abound most natuyally in all the incidents of
the supernatural,

Then legends are numerous there, Lesides
it is'necessary to add, thar certain phenomena
hitherto unexplained, could wot help furnish-
ing new food to public credulity.

In the first yank of the superstitious miners
of the Dochart Pit figured Jack Ryan, Harry's
comrade. He was the very strongest partizan
of the supernatural, He transformed all those
fantastic histories into songs, which made him
very popular during the winter evenings.

But rove Ryan was pot the only one who
showed his credulity.

 

not less positively that [the pits of Aberfoyle
were haunted ; that certain imperceptible be-
(ings wandered there frequently, the same as
in the Highlands. In fact, it would be very
extraordinary if this belief in spirits did not
prevail, 1s there, indeed, any place better
arranged (haa & dork apd deep mine for the
| frolics of the genji, the goblin, the elfs, and
[other actors of the melodrama ? The seen

(i comrades affirmed
t

 

 

fA

  

File dy 13 Asie

i

 

mma

 

 

 

was all ready 3 why should not supernatural
personages come to play their parts ?

Thus reasoned Jack Ryan and his comrade
of the Aberfoyle mings. It has been said that
the different pits communicated with each other
by long subterranean galleries cut between the
veins, ‘Thus, there was under Stirling County
an enormous, massive rock, crossed in every
directions by tunnels, full of caves, perforated
with shafts—a kind of hypogewm, of subter-
ranean labyrinth; which presented the appear
ance of a vast ant-hill,

The miners of the different pits often met
either when they were poing to the works or
returning from them.. Thus there was con-
stant facilities for intercomse, and to circulate
from cne pit to another the stories which ori-
ginated in the mine. The tales thus spread
with marvellous rapidity, passing from mouth
mouth to mouth, and increasing, as is the cus-
tom.

Meanwhile, two men, better instructed, and
ot a more practical temperament than the
others, had always opposed this delusion.
They did not admit, in any degree, the inter-
vention of gobling, genii, or goblins,

These were Simon Ford and his son.

And they proved it well by continuing to
inhabit the dark crypt after the abandonment
of the Dochart Pit. Perhaps good Madge had
some leaning towards the surpernatural, like
all Scotch women from the Highlands. But
she was obliged to repeat these histories of
apparatrons to herself, which she did consci-
enticusly so as not to lose the old traditions.

If Simon and Harry Ford had been as cre-
dulous as their comrades, they would not
have abandoned the mine either to the genii
or to the faries. The hope of discovering a
new vein would have made them Brave all
all the fantastic cohort o

They edul %

,
PIR oH; |
were credulo ere fuil of faith
1 ~ sent NE»
oniy on one point §

 

o

    

they could not ddmit that
the carboniferous deposit of Aberfoyle was
entirely exhausted. It may be said with some
j imon Yord and Lis son had on

it" faith— that faith 1n God

   
   
  
   

, for ten years without
i >, immovable in
d son tock

$ Tas +e
GIL

9

eking, tapping
scening if i gave

  

a favorable sound.

As long as the borings had not reached the
granite of the primary rocks, Simon and Har-
ry Ford agreed ‘that the searching, futile to-

    
 

Their nf iije— they wo
deavanng fo resfors ig spoier
the’ Aberfoyle mine, If the
succumb before the hour of suc
would undertake the 1

At the
same time these twoimpassioned guardians of
\

e » 1 =

 
 
   

ugh it for the purpose of
t. ey made use of the

1e arches, They locked if a
to be feared, and if it were
necessary +9 pondemn any part of the pit.
They examined Grippings frigm the upper
waters, they directed them, they grew them
off in canals to :assyvamp.: In a word, they
had voluntarily constituted themselves the
protecjors and preservers of their unproduc-
tive domain, from which had come out so
much riches, now dissolved in smoke! It
was during some of these excursions that
Harry was more particularly struck with cer-
tain phegomens, of which he sought in vain
the explanation, }

Thus, several times, when he wax In some
narrow cross-gallery, he thought Le heard
noises similar to those produced by the pick
when struck on the filled-in wall.

Harry, whom the supernatural,no more than
the natural, could not frighten, had hastened
to discover the cause of this mysterious work.

The tunnel was empty. The young miner's
lamp, itigmipating the walls, had not shown
any recent fiage of the pinsess ev ibe pick,
Harry then asked himself if if ‘were ndf an
acoustic illusion of some odd or fanciful echo.

Other times, in suddenly throwing a strong
light towards 2 suspicjous fizzure, he thought
he saw a shadow pags, He sprang forward.
Nothing, nct even an gutiet which could per-
mit a human being to hide from his pursuit,

On twp cccasion within a month, Harry,
visiting the western part of the pit, heard dis-
tinctly distant detonations, as if some miner
had exploded a dynamite cartridge.

The last time, after the most careful search
he had discovered that a pillar had just been
shivered by a blast,

Jy the light of the lamp, Harry carefully
examined the wall affected by the blast, It
was not made of a simple bank of stones, but
of a pay of schist, which had pepetrated to
this depth in the floor of the ecosl deposit?
Was the object of the blast the discovery of a
new vein? Did some one only wish to cause
the falling in of this portion of the mine?
These were the questions Harry asked himself
and, when he told the circumstances to his
father, neither the old overseer nor he Suld
answer the question ip a sptisfaciory manner

“It is strange,” often repeated Harry, “the
presence of an unknown person in the mine
seems to be impossible, and still, there can be
no doubt of it! Is some one else, then, seek-
ing some unworked vein? Or rather, is he
not attempting to annihilate what remains of
the Aberfoyle mines? But with what object?
Loe

re

gs-in and
caving-in was

   

Lol ¢ 0

 

 

 

he
po

in his.

   
    
        
     
 

 

 

 

A fortnight before this day on which Harry
Ford guided the engineer through the laby-
rinth of the Dochart Pit, he was on the point
of attaining the object of his search.

He was walking through the southwest ex-
tremity cf the mine, a powerful lantern in his
hand,

Suddenly it seemed to him that a light was
extinguished, a few hundred feet before him,
at the end of a narrow chimney, which was
cut obliquely in the solid rock. He sprang
toward the suspicious light,

Useless search, As Harry did not admit a
supernatural explanation of physical things,
he concluded that certainly an unknown being
was prowling in the pit. But whatever he did,
searching with the greatest care, scrutinizing
the smallest fissure of the gallery, it was all he
had for his trouble, he could not arrive at zny
certainty whatever.

Harry then trusted to chance to disclose to
him this mystery. ¥arther and farther away
he again saw lights, which fitted from place to
place like a Jack’s lantern ; but their appear-
ance had only the duration of a flash of light.
ning, and he was obliged to give vp all idea
of discovering the cause.

If Jack Ryan and the other superstitions
ones of the mine had perceived these fantas-
tic flames, they would certainly not have
failed to attribute them to the supernatural,

But Harry did not even dream of such a
thing, Nor did old Simon, And when the
two talked of the phenomena, due evidently
to a purely physical cause—

“ My boy,” repeated the old overseer, ¢ let
us wait. Some day all that will be explained.”

All this time, it must be said, that never up
to this period, had Harry or his father been
exposed to an act of violence. :

If the stone had, fallen that day, even at
the feet of James Starr, had been thrown by
the hiand of an evildcer, tt was the first cri-
minal act of its kind.

James Starr, when asized abent it, thought
that this stone had become detached from
the arch of the gallery, But Harry did not
admit an explanation so simple. The stone,
according te , had not fallen, it had been
thrown. <r in rebounding it could never
a trajectory, if it had not

  

4

pnd

 

le

$3
have described
been moved by a foreign impulse,

   

Harry saw jn it a direct ailempt agains
him and father, or even against the ep-

gineer, Knowing what ue do, it will be ad-
mitted that his beiigf wae well grounded,

ee |
CHAPTER V1,
ONE OF SIMON ®ORD'S EXPERIENCES,

Twelve o'clock struck from the old wéoden
clock in the room as James Star and his two
companioys jeft the cottage,

The light which penetrated the ventilating
shafts dimly lit the clearing. Harry’s lamp
gave out, but he did not wait to refill it, for
the overseer was going to take the engincer
to the very extremity of the Dochart Pit.

After traversing the principal gallery. for a
distance of two miles, the explorers—we
shall cee that it amounted to an exploration, —
arrived at the mouth of a narrow tupnel, It
looked like a side-aislg, with the are resting
on a wainscoting, covered with a whitish
moss, It nearly followed the line, which
fifteen hundred feet above, was traced by the
upper course of the Forth. Fearing tha
James Starr was less familiar than formerly
with the labyrinth of the Dochart Pit, Simon
Ford recalled the general plan Ry comparin
it with he gogiaphy of ‘the surface. “Tied
walked tbgether while talking, Ahead, Harry
lit the way, He tried, by suddenly throwing
light toward the dark windings, to discover
some suspicions shadow.

“Do we go much farther along here, old
Simon?” asked the engineer,
“Half a mile, Mr. James.
have done this in a berlin, on
But that's a long time ago !”

“We are going to the very end of the last
seam £'' asked James Stair, et

“Ves; I see that stil! you know the mine
well.”

“Eb, Simon, if Ido not deceive myself, it
will be difficult to go much farther,”

“In fact, My, James, it was just here that
we tock out the last piece of coal in the depo-
sit. I remember it as if it were still there. 1
gave the last blow, and it echoed louder in
my breast than in the rock. There was noth-
ing more than sandstone and schist around
and when the wagon rolled toward (he shaft,
I followed it with a a as we fol-
low a pauper's funeral? It seemed to me
that the soul of the mine went out with it.”

The gravity with which the old overseer
pronounced these weds affected the engineer,
who shaved his sentiments, They were those
of the saifoy wha abandons his sinking ship ;
of the laird who sees the home of his ances-~
tors pulled down.

James Starr had taken Simon Ford's hand
But suddenly the latter seized the en-
gineei’s hand—pressing it Jymiy,

“That day wa Were all mistaken! No,
{he old wipe was not dead. It was not a
corpse that the miners abandoned, and I dare
swear, Mr, James, that the heart still lives I”

[To be Continued.)
re ee EE ——
Sergeant Bates has been knocked
down, and there was po auction near,

Once we could
the tramways,

 
