gy

 

 

An Editorwith
aBlack Eye.
HOW HE BECOMES
AN OBJECT (OF
INTEREST,

Ps

‘What Has Been Said
About It

A LETTER FROM BOWIE'S WIFE.|

13

i is Signed By his
Mother-in-Law.

As most of the citizens of St. John
are by this time aware we were attacked
by a stranger, whose name has since

been given as Mr. Henry H. Bowie, of
. Montreal. Mr. Bowie, as we stated in
our second edition last Saturday, paid
us particular and peculiar attention,
+ which would probably be thought very
amusing to a crowd of corner loafers
and bar-room bummers, but, interesting
‘no doubt as they were to us, his atten-
tions were not of such a friendly na-
ture as to cause us to look upon the
person before mentioned in a very
friendly manner. But with that Chris?
tian feeling which we have always
manifested to erring young men, we
have long ago forgiven Mr. Bowie for
losing his time in order to attack us,
though we do think it might have been
spent with considerable more profit to
himself. But, then, that is really no
concern of ours.

‘When we were met by Mr. Bowie
we did not feel much alarmed, as we
had often before been compelled to
stand before equally as mad men as he
in the shape of schoolmasters, who
knew much better how to use the en.

 

trancing instrument of torture than
Bowie. But when we gazed at the
crowd of invited guests, consisting of

Yankee architects, etc., ete., who had |=

been asked round to see the editor of
the Dip cowhided, we felt as if our
day had arrived. After the row was
over and we departed with only one
mark, save a black eye, which was
caused by a kick administered, as we
since been told, as we lay helpless on
our back, we instantly proceeded to the
office, which was soon filled with re-
presentatives of the press and numbers
of our friends. All this week we have
been the innocent subject of much re-
mark among all classes. As we pass
along the street one fellow gives an-
other a nudge, and quietly observes to
his friend, “I say, there goes the editor
of the Dip.” Friends wink at us and
ask, “How is the eye.” Then there
appears to be a great deal of peculiarity
about the blackness of our eye. One
friend meets us, and after looking at
our optic in every conceivable way,
puts on a long face and observes that
“we have got a devil of a bad eye.”
Another, of a less sensitive nature,
thinks it’s not so bad.

Then the young ladies who pass np
and down the street, afternoon and
evening, feel very much interested in
our eye, and are constantly watching
to see if there is any improvement.
They look us straight in the face before
we meet them, they stare at us as we
pass them, and after passing they turn
round and gaze abstractedly after us in
a manner that makes us almost wish
we were home. But enough of de-
canting on what has been said about
the eye and how many have looked at
it, we received a letter which, if
genuine, will prove that the rumors
that were given in our last are entirely
correct. :

The following is the letter, which
we give in full as it is not very long:

INFORMATION wanted of Mr. Henry Bowie,
contractor, formerly of Montreal, Province of
Quebec.

Information concerning his whereabouts
will be gladly received by his wife, Caroline
Courtney, No. 2 Mayor street, Montreal, P. Q.

 

Henry Bowie left his wife and children
without house or home, saying he would send
for them after he got employment.

MRS. JoHN COURTNEY,
No. 2 Mayor street.

We may here state, by way of ex-
planation, that Courtney was the
maiden name of Mrs. Bowie.

ee —

Lack or ExErcise.—An individual
suffering from dyspepsia calls at a phy-
sician’s house during his consultation
hour. The practitioner examines him
and declares: “I see how it is; you
need a great deal of exercise, but per-
haps your business does not leave you
time. What is your occupation ¥’ «I
have been a letter carrier for twenty-
five years.”

 

Look out for next week’s Dip.

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

 

Price 2 Cts.

 

TIE EVANGELIST SANKEY’S FOR-
MER PUBLIC APFPLARANCES.

 

A Tour of the Country in a Gandy
Wagon, Singing Songs, and Ix-
horting the People to Bay a Bot-
“7 tied Oare for their Physical Aches.

 

Mr. Ira D. Sankey, the companion
of Mr. Moody in revivalism, has be-
come famous in Great Britain and the

United States as a singer of religious’

songs. His singing of “The Ninety
and Nine,” “Hold the Fort,” and “Pull
for the Shore,” appeals to the hearts of
the hearers quite as tellingly as do the
exhortations of Mr. Moody. It is well
known that Mr. Moody was a Chicago
dealer in boots and shoes before he be-
came an evangelist. His history has
often been told by himself and others.
As to Mr. Sankey’s previous occupa-
tion, nothing has been generally known.

Now, however, the Troy Budget
makes the revelation that, a few years
ago, he was peddling a liniment that
he called “Instant Relief.” He travel-
led with a showy wagon, and sang
songs to his own accompaniment on a
melodeon, thus attracting multitudes,
to whom he sold the preparation.

The writer well remembers the trav-
elling establishment to which the Bud-
get chiefly refers. The wagon had a
broad, high box, was guadily colored
with red and gold, and was drawn by
six plumed horses. Soon after nighi-
fall the spirited team would dash into
the most frequented square of a city
or village, drawing the vehicle to a
favorable spot for the accomodation
of a large audience. Flaring torches
were then lighted, and placed in con-
venient sockets. A melodeon in the
waggon was opened, and Mr. Sankey
(the Budget says it was certainly he,
and the statement accords with the
writer's vivid recollection of the man)
took his place behind the instrument.
He sang several current songs, usually
sentimental, but sometimes comic,
playing an accompaniment. By that
time a dense throng had collected, and
every body wondered what was meant
by the free entertainment. They
found out immediately, for Mr. Sankey,
standing at the tailboard of the wagon,
delivered a harangue on the wonderful
“Instant Relief” that he had to sell.
Mr. Sankey’s address is clearly recol-
lected as having, in its delivery, the
style of a religious exhortation of a
fervid kind. He spoke of the ills
flesh is heir to, and especially of the
various aches with which the human
body is afflicted. Then, with a bottle
of “Instant relief” held aloft, he de-
clared that he brought the glad tidings
of a sure and instant cure. He did
not, he said, ask anybody to take his
word for it, but he wonld on the

spot relieve anybody who had
ear-ache, ~ toothache, headache or
bellyache. In short mo pain
could withstand “Instant Relief.” He

kept urging the afflicted to come to the
wagon, much in the manner that revi-
valists beseech sinners to come to the
penitential bench, until he waz success-
ful in getting a patient on whom to try
the liquid. “Instant Relief” was of
the familiar class of lotions, with lau-
danum for a principal ingredient, that
rarely fail to deaden pain immediately
on being applied. Therefore, having
secured somebody with an ache or a
pain, Mr. Sankey was able to convince
hig hearers that “Instant Relief” was
something that they could not afford to

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

do without. Sales followed fast, Mr.
Sankey continued his harangue, as he
sopped the aching spots with the lo-
tion, while his assistants handed out
bottles and took in fifty cent shinplas-
ters. ‘Whenever the sales lagged, and
the people began to disperse, he sat
down at the melodeon and sang several
songs.

Mr. Sankey went through the coun-
try with his novel establishment, and
af times was reinforced by other sing-
ers. When he was in the Hudson Ri-
ver and western Massachusett cities a
young woman sang duets with him, and
the party included a comic singer. The
upshot of this business is not known,
but it certainly had the appearance of
prosperity. Not long afterward Mr.
Sankey sang in a Chicago revival, in
conjunction with Mr. Moody’s work,
and subsequently they went to Great
Britain together, where they made their
first great success.

 

 

 

A TRAMP EDITOR.

He took pepper-sauce in his. We
were sure of it; for we could smell i+
from the other side of the table. THe
was short and seedy looking, and his
foot gear wore the usual signals for dis-
tress.
lighter but not a brighter red than his
face ; his whole physiognomy was rubi-
cand. He rubbed his hands with
pleasure as he steadied himself against
the “bank” and exclaimed in a soft
voice, “Well, it gives me pleasure to
find myself among the gentlemen of
the press; I feel like a fish in the
water again.”

“You are a printer ?” we asked.

“No; editorial!” was the dignified
response.

We stared, and then we smiled. . Wa
had seen tramp printers, tramp hatters,
tramp shoemakers, tramp almost every-
thing, as well as tramps absolute a ty
never before had a tramp editor intro-
duce himself.

He went on: “I came to Detroit
with recommendations to the Free
Press; but there being no opening
there, Mr. Quinby advised me to look
further West in the interior. Are you
in need of any assistance in that line ¢”

We gently explained to the deluded
individual how it would be as reason-
able to expect that the proprietor of a
peanut stand would employ a twelve
hundred dollar book-keeper, as that the
publisher of a country newspaper
would hire an editor. The idea ! when
a good pair of scissors can be purchased
for for forty cents, and paid for in ad-
vertising.

A thought struck us: “Can you
write greenback editorials 7” we asked.

“Oh, certainly,” was the reply.

“Then, perhaps, we can direct you
to a job. "A greenback paper has just
been started here, and they need an
editor. They need some one who can
write an editorial that a common, ordi-
nary individual can find head or tail
to ; something that can be understood
without an interpreter. They are going
to beat us at the election next Monday,
too, and you would have a chance of
some glorification editorials. We
should go and apply for the situation
by all means. Dish "em up lively, and
then we will send “em hack to you, and
we'll answer you.”

 

Look out for next week’s Dip,
v

 

His red side-whiskers were a
