 

 

 

THE PENNY DIP.

St. John, N. B,, May 11, 1878.

 

 

 

 

PORTLAND POLICE MATTERS.

———

In the adjoining town of Portland the
skeleton in the closet of its Council is police
matters. Every year, since 1875, there has
been some trouble with the Captain of the
Police. Last year, however, the climax was
clapped by the dismissal of Captain Jones by
the new Council, of which Mr. Henry Hil-
yard was Chairman. This, at the time, was
looked upon by a great number of the people
of the town as an outrage, and those who

 

 

were not so demonstrative in their opinion of
the Council called it a very high-hand act.
Upon the dismissal of Captain Jones, a peti-
tion of several hundred ratepayers was handed
round by Dr. T. W. Smith and others. The
petition was presented to the Council, and af-
ter a heated debate was laid on the table.
For a time the vacancy was filled by William
Hamilton, who was elected pro fem, and af-
ter about two months the present incumbent,.
Captain Rawlings, was appointed. Things
went along smoothly until the new Council
had been elected. The first action of the new
Council was to elect Wm. Jack, Esq., as their
Chairman, instead of Mr. Hilyard. This, of
course, was perfectly right, for if they thought
Mr. Hilyard had held the position long
enough, and that Mr. Jack was better suited
to fill the office, the proper course was to
choose the man who according to their mind
was best calculated to fill the office. The
next stroke they made was the getting of their
friends and supporters to fill the principal
places on the various committees. The Police
Committee, especially, consist chiefly of the
of the supporters of the new Board, and they
have been engaged for the past few weeks in
_invéstigating charges preferred against the
Captain, which we believe will end in smoke,
as by what we can hear from outside sources
they are perfectly groundless.

As to the advisability of dismissing Captain
Jones from the force we have nothing to say,
only that it certainly can be no concern of the
present Captain, who has certainly proved
himself an efficient officer in very trying times.

 

ROWDYISM.

Last Saturday night was a
one in this usually quiet city.
was unusually prevalent in all parts of the
city, but more especially in the principal
streets and thoroughfares. Drunkenness, of
course, was the principal cause of the rioting,
but besides rum there appeared to be a feeling
as if some one wanted to fight some other
party. who was not to be seen. Young men
walked up and down the streets evidently
looking for some one to_ hit, and when that
some one was not forthcoming they called out
for him, and the consequence was that they
spent the most of the night in the lock-up, and
had Sunday to brood over the trials of their
young lives while indulging in a meal furnish-
ed at the expense of the County, and consist-
ing of pea-soup or some other equally inof-
We hope that
the turbulent spirit has by this time been
quelled and that to-night there will be peace
and quietness, and that the night will be un-
disturbed save by the howls of that interesting
animal, the Thomas cat.

very noisy
Rowdyism

fensive and nutritious edible.

LOW CAME IT THERE?

 

At a very late hour we learn that a married
lady, living on Elliot Row, was summoned to
the door of her residence by the ringing of
the door-bell. There was nothing very ex-
traordinary in this, but imagine her astonish-
ment at finding a basket about eighteen in-
ches long and about nine in breadth, The
basket looked very suspicious, and had every
appearance of containing aifoundling. The la-
dy took it into her house, and immediately
called a conference of other ladies of the
neighborhood, in order to ascertain if her sup-
positions were correct. They opened the bas-
ket only after considerable consultation, and
their suppositions were found to be correct,
for there lay a card bearing the inscription—
“ Care for it tenderly.” The ladies nearly

 

fainted, but the lady of the house summoned
up sufficient courage to lift the covering which
had been carefully placed over the sleeping
infant. The child did not move, and at last
another lady stepped forward and lifted out-—
a large china doll !

 

A BOGUS WEDDING NOTICE.

 

This is the kind and generous manner in
which the editor of the Charlottetown Zatriot
speaks of a man who sent in a bogus wedding
notice which was published. The editor in
question has either been reading the reports
of Banks McKenzies temperance lectures to
the reporters of the St. John press as pub-
lished in the Zeeman, or Pomeroy’s Dento-
erat, the great religious paper of the West :

Some unfeeling brute has sent to this office
a bogus marriage notice which was published
in yesterday morning’s paper. The notice
was sent by mail accompanied by fifty cents—
the usual charge—and a letter to which the
forged name of the gentleman said to have
been married was attached. The letter is
written by an experienced penman. Both the
notice and the fetter are on exhibition in the
office, and we hope that persons from the
part of the country in which they were written
will call and examine them so that the cow-
ardly sneak who wrote them may be brought
to justice. We promise, if we find out the
name of the miserable hound who would be
guilty of so mean and utterly contemptible a
fraud, that we will let the people of Hope
River know the name of one scoundrel in
that vicinity.

St. John roosters are becoming so intensely
anxious to eclipse a new importation of
Thomas cats, that they now get up at one in
the morning and begin to crow like all-

possessed.
ee RR —e—eeees

How He Escaped Toll.

 

[Cincinnati Times.]

About two o'clock yesterday morn-
ing, as the collector at the Covington
end of the Newport and Covington
bridge which spans Licking river, was
barely in the land of dreams, and while
his mind wandered on every subject
imaginable, including sweet rest, hot
pancakes and a loving wife with a
broomstick at home, he heard a slight
noise. Looking out, he noticed a man
tacking toward him under full sail. At
first glance, the idea struck him that
the man was running to a fire, but a
second and longer look convinced him
that he was just returning from a rev-
elry in some wholesale whisky house.

The stranger eyed the collector for a
moment, add then said, “I'm a man of
property, live in Camul county, ain't
got no money, and I mus’ go home.”

“We are not in the habit of passing
every tramp who happens along, these
days,” said the collector.

“I'm no tramp,” persisted he from
over the Rhine, “and if you don’t let
me pass I'll swim over,” and suiting
the action to the words, he pulled a
board from a fence in the meighbor-
hood, carried it to the river, stripped
himself, and, piling his clothes on the
board, struck out, pushing his barge
before him.

When he had reached about the mid-
dle of the river, the collector became
alarmed and cried out, “come back and
I'll let you pass over.”

“I'm doing well enough, d—n you,”

was echoed from the river.

The collector stood on the bank shiv-
ering until the man reached the other
side. The stranger climbed the bank,
and, looking back, saw the collector
and cried out to him, “Yer see there's
more’n one way o'doin’ things in this
world, old coupon destroyer.”

 

Dirrereyce IN INGENUITY IN GooD
AND Bap Prorre. — The philantro-
phists are again endeavoring to convert
criminals, One of their arguments is
that the criminals show ingenuity,
skill and power greater than the quali-
ties of mind possessed by detectives
and other pious people; so that the
detectives, the safe-lock inventors and
the burglar alarm inventors are intel-
lectually weaker than burglars, tellers,
murderers, head-line writers for Chi-
cago newspapers, elopers, pickpockets,
and Georgia ministers- — [New “York
York Herald,

 

OTTAWA.

How Mr. Cook Watches
Mr. McCarthy.

MEMBERS GAZE AT
LADIES’ FEET.

OTTAWA, May 7.

The manner in which Mr. Cook, of North
Simcoe, watches Mr. McCarthy, of Cardwell,
Mr. McCarthy, who was
beaten by Mr. Cook at the last general elec
tion, and afterward chosen to fill a vacancy in
Cardwell,
Cook’s opponent, preferring risk of defeat in
North Simcoe to a sure thing in Cardwell.
Mr. Cook is an active, full-blooded, deter-
mined man,

is very amusing.

has been re-nominated as Mr.

NOT TO BE BEATEN

at any cost, and is fully alive to all the
cnances of the contest. Ie has taken time
by the forelock and began his canvass by the
sending home of thousands of public docu-
ments and printed campaign speeches of
members, having got all he could of the pub.
docs. out of the departments and purchased
hundreds of extra copies from the Queen’s
Printer. He is the gentleman who boasted
in his place in the House this session that

“‘HE FOUGHT OLD NICK WITH FIRE,”

and is evidently prepared to act on the same
policy in the coming struggle. He sits on the
opposite side of the House from his opponent,
pretty well back, and exercises constant
espionage over his movements. When Mc-
Carthy coughs Cook notes it down in a mem-
orandum book that is always open before
him. McCarthy opens a blue book, and
Cook makes another entry.

M‘CARTHY WHISPERS TO DR, TUPPER

or Sir John Macdonald, and Cook, after
watching intently while the whispering pro-
ceeds, another entry. McCarthy
writes a note amd hands it to a page, and
Cook, after seeing whom the page takes it to,
makes another McCarthy
rises to speak, and Cook, with long, rapid
and stealthy strides,

makes

memorandum.

MOVES TO THE FRONT

with his book in his hand, and makes notes.
Mr. Cook is thus prepared to tell the electors
of North Simcoe how many days Mr. Mc-
Carthy was in the House, how early he enter-
ed, how late he stayed, how often he spoke,
what he said, how many times and with what
what particular degree of violence he sneezed,
and the names of all with whom he exchanged
NODS, WINKS, WHISPERS
and notes. I don’t know whether he has him
watched outside also, but suppose he has a
man engaged in that duty. As Mr. McCarthy
is a man of unexceptionable morals, the out-
side espoinage would not amount to much, I
suppose.

The Quebec Conservative members are very
sore over the large Rouge gain in that Province,
and those whose Counties have elected politi-
cal opponents are considerably exercised for
fear the vote will be repeated at the general
elections. They still claim that a

CONSERVATIVE MAJORITY HAS BEEN CHOSEN.

This may be true, so far as the word Conser-
vative goes, but the explanation seems to be
that some of the Conservatives elect were
nominated and supported by the Jolyites.
“Well, if you have a majority you will turn
Joly out, I suppose,” said I to Mr. Des-
jardins this morning. “Non, mon ami,” he
replied, “not for just yet. We will play one
tactic with him, let him go in for one while,
and then turn him the office right out.” I
mildly suggested that the ‘‘one tactic” which
ordinary politicians would adopt, in view of
the fact that the procession of the Government
is desirable for the purpose of influencing the
coming elections, would be the passing of a
vote of
WANT OF CONFIDENCE

in the Government at the earliest favorable
moment, but he shook his head and said

 

 

something in French which I did not under-
stand.

This is the season for delegations to coax
anxiously willing members with the accept-
ance of nominations, which they have intri-
gued steadily to obtain. The member, pre-
serving discreet silence until his measures for
securing re-nomination have succeeded, coyly
replies to the

EAGERLY LOOKED-FOR NOTICE

that his hopes have been fulfilled, that he
fears his health or his business will not permit
his serving another term. Then his agent in
the County suggests a delegation, and the del-
egation starts. The nominee receives the del-
egation with great courtesy, introduces them
all around, puts off every attempt to force him
into giving a direct answer to their offer, and
finally, when they have really become
ALMOST PERSUADED
that he really does not intend to yield to their
persuasions, he entertains them to a cham-
pagne supper, and, after considerable drink-
ing, he rises in response to solicitations to ac-
cept the nomination, recites his services and
=acrifices, says he had hoped the nomination
would have been given to one of the gentle-
men before him, either of whom would have
been
A WORTHIER STANDARD-BEARER

than his humble self, tells them that they
must take the burden and heat of the day if
he consents to serve them, and then pulls cut
an elaborate letter of acceptance, written days
before, and reads it amid the plaudits of the
delegation. The gentlemen return, tell how
hard they struggled to sccure an acceptance,
hint that he yielded only when

WARMED WITH WINE,

and urge all their friends to gird on their ar-
mor for the fight.

Many of the members have a great habit of
dodging into the galleries to see the ladies.
“Hang it,” said a newspaper correspondent
the other day, “I can’t be beside a lady in the
gallery five minutes without a member of
my acquaintance running after an introduc-
tion and then monopolizing the talk.

SOME BRAZEN-CHEEKED OLD BALDHEAD

have opera glasses on their desks, and lie
back and stare by the hour at pretty faces in
the front seats and little feet on the railing.
You can’t imagine how much interest a kid
boot on the lower part of the gallery railing,
with or without an irch of stocking visible,
excites on the floor of the House. Half the
members forget all about the business of the
House, and do nothing but watch it, while the
fair owner pretends utter unconsciousness to
the absorbing interest she is exciting.
JOHN SMITH.
ea he,

‘Who dare say there is no hell now?
What is this they give us so frequently
from Brooklyn.—[New York Mail.

Edison, the phonograph man, has
taken out one hundred and fifty-seven
inventions. He is about ready to kill.

String beans with pretty little green
caterpillars on em will be worn about
the stomach this season, cut bias.—[St.
Louis Journal.

Dr. Mary Walker is trying to raise
a mustache, and her upper lip looks
like a last year’s tooth brush in the last
stages of consumption.

The Council Bluffs Nonpariel says
the average tramp needs exercise as
well as something to eat, and suggests
“stone piles” as being very beneficial.

The fight over the division of Brig-
ham Young's estate has begun. We'll
take a little hand in, if you please. We
once were Young. About fifty-two
years ago.

General Grant disgusted the keeper-
ess of Shakespeare's house, because on
his visit there, he didn’t froth at the
mouth and gush and rave and spout
carefully crammed passages of Shakes-
peare all over the house, after the cus-
tom of travellers. Really, we are
growing more and more convinced that
General Grant is the most sensible per-
son in the world, and would make even
a better president next time than he
did before.
