   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

Five Minutes at the Police Court. |ing his nose and opening Court by calling

out the name of

Monday morning dawned on the Police at Lt

Court like a streak of gold or a polished pre-
serve kettle, and beaming in at the windows
illuminated the sad countenances of a large
number of the force, Owens alone being miss-
ing, and they seemed to be discussing some
subject of general interest.

How the harmonium was paid for was
under discussion, and it was a subject that
had often arisen in their minds; and some
few, more inquisitive than the rest, had often
been on the point of asking Owens; but now
their curiosity was worked up to an awful
pitch and know they must. A committee was
appointed to question Owens on the subject
when he came in, and all felt sure of arriving
at the true state of affairs.

When Owens entered his brow was clouded
with care, and his lips were moving as if in
communion with the inner man, but some
said he was swearing. After a moment's
hesitation the committee approached him, and
broached the subject with the point blank
question— ‘How did you get the harmonium?”

«I didn’t steal it,” was the gruff reply, and
the committee shrank back; but, ‘‘screwing
their courage to the sticking point,” they again
repeated the question.

There was a pause.
fidgetted. Owens moved his lips as if in
prayer, gazed up at the ceiling, contempla-
tively eyed a cobweb, counted the nails in a
particular board in the floor, ran his eyes
along the cracks to see if there were any stray
pins in them, glanced at the committee, but
never opened his mouth. “Mum” was the
word. Then the committee repeated the query.

Without a word, and with a face as un-
moved as a piece of marble, Owens looked
up, heaved a deep sigh, took a ponderous
watch out of his pocket and held it up to the
ear of one of the committee. There was a
longer and deeper silence than any yet, and
the committee, understanding the significance
of the action, quietly withdrew, and entered
into an animated discussion of the subject,
while Owens sat apart buried in profound ab-
straction. After a few moments he suddenly
jumped to his feet, thumped the floor with his
stick, and exclaimed : — :

“Boys! The harmonium was purchased
on credit, and as the man’s tired waiting he’s
coming for it to-day. Boys, I throw my-
self upon your generosity—T’ll take up a col-
lection.”

who toed the mark with all the effects of a
“big time” stamped upon him. His hair was
mixed with mud, his eyes were red and bleary,
his coat had but one tail, and he was general-
ly mussed up.

“James Handy,” said his Honor, ‘you
don’t belie your name in one respect, for you
are as handy as a pocket in a shirt when
there’s any fiee whiskey to be guzzled. You
can smell a drink—especially a free one-—
from afar off, even as a crow scents burnt
powder or a dead horse.”

“You're right, your Honor; I’m right on
hand, like a wart, when there’s any whiskey
going.”

“A friend of yours, James, seized with a
wild desire to treat, procured a bottle of
prime mountain dew (so called), and crawling
under a fence into a vacant lot, you sat down
cn a fallen chimney and deliberately drank it
without a drop of water.
waste of liquor, James” —

It was a greal

“But a mighty saving in water, your
Honor,” interrupted the prisoner.

‘Young man,” said his Honor, severely,
“you can’t lose me when you come to talk
about the wasting of liquor and saving of wa-
ter in this'city. From an elaborate calcula-
tion I have arrived at the fact that if all the
people who drink whiskey were to knock off
and take to water, the Water Commissioners
wculd have to put in a new two foot main.
Now don’t interrupt me again, or I’ll stick on
an extra month.

The committee

‘After having finished the whiskey you felt
pretty good, and sailed up Charlotte street,
taking up more room than a regiment of sol-
diers. You rolled up through the Square,
bumping against trees and knocking yourself
around generally. Arriving in front of a
shanty that was being torn down, you struck
an attitude, waved your arms, and burst out
with :

“Level the shanties down to the ground!
Let not a trace
Oa mother earth’s face L
Of the tarnation things be found ;
Hammer and bang them, knock them around—
Level them, level them flat with the ground.”

“But just then one of the carpenter’s came
at you, mallet in hand, with the amiable in-
tention of hammering and banging and knock-
ing you around, but you fled like a man with
a hornet’s nest in his pocket. You next were
seized with a desire to cultivate a closer ac-
quaintance with the turtles in the fountain,
and with that object in view, attempted to
scale the railings, but got caught by the coat
tails, and there you hung screaming and
squirming until your coat tore and you came
down whack on your head, to be picked up
by a policeman and run in. I send you up
for two months. Take a back seat.”

And then, hat in hand, he went round to
take up a collection,

One threw in an old cent, another a button,
Briggs deposited a tongueless jewsharp, and
pieces of tobacco, and numerous other articles
of no value, which gradually gather in the
pockets of every man who has any, were
thrown in, and when he had gone round, Owens
stood out in front of them and in a voice of
mild reproof said :—

“Boys, I'm much obliged to you, but but-
tons, bad cents, rusty nails and broken
matches won’t pay for the harmonium.”

And as he threw the hatful of trash in the
stove, a dray rumbled up to the door and
filled him with greater woe than ever the
sound of the Black Maria’s wheels filled any
prisoner, for it was the men for the har-
monium. He then seated him:elf at the har-
monium and poured forth the following part-
ing strain in a manner that was heart-rending
and touching in the extreme :-—

And he mournfully took it.
ALBERT PARIS

stood next on the list, and toed the mark
cheerfully. Hr was a man pretty well ad-

vanced in years, and was as bald-headed as a
billiard ball.

“Alpert Paris,” said his Honor, very slow-
ly and wondering all the time how a man so
benevolently bald and apparently meek could
have cut up so rough, ‘Albert Paris,” you
got drunk Saturday night and made a bigger
show of yourself than will be in Paris this

‘ year. You insulted a man on King Square

“There is no pain like that of parting, etd, Sak :
Wien frends but meet to part, and then added injury by striking him, and
And each one is inward smarting when some men held you back you shouted

From a fullness of the heart. i ;
: out ‘let me at him, let me at him ! My name’s

Paris, and I’m deadlier than Paris green, and
I either crush things out like a steam hammer

Farewell, farewell harmo-ni-um !
The hour when we must part has come.

Oh, many a prisoner’s going up
In sweetest tones you’ve sung!

Oh, many a time a triumph loud
Upon the air you’ve rung!

or cut them off as close as a lawn mower.’
But they wouldn't let you at him, and before
the police arrived you had disappeared. You
were next heard from in the grave yard, for in
attempting to take a short cut home by going

And we must part! It grieves me sore
The thought to entertain ;

I weep, but naught but cash
Can bring you back again.

And shutting the instrument up with a bang
he seized his hat and fled, while the men came
forward and removed it. They got it on the
dray, and were driving off as hss Honor en-
tered, and as he hung his coat and hat up, he
mildly enquired, “Whose funeral is that 7%
And Briggs, in a voice that apparently came
from the bottom of his boots, replied, the
harmonium’s. And a silence fell upon the
Court, which was broken by his Honor blow-

 

through, you got awfully mixed up among
the pickets, and about midnight a policeman
was attracted by shouting and singing in the
graveyard, and, on investigating, found you
playing the part of a drunken ghost among
the tombstones. Your clothes were full of
pickets and splinters, and when the policeman
caught sight of you, you were trying to pull
up a tombstone and singing at the top of your
voice the following little rhyme :—

£0 the stones!
They bruise my bones,
So I'll tear the darn things out.
Jes’ lemme alone,
You darned old stone,
I know jes’ what I'm about.’

“And when the policeman shouted to you | ¢¢

to stop, you hollered back, ‘I shay, misther,
jes’ gimme han’ ter pull this this beggar up;
he’sh got mighty strong roots.” But the police-
man wouldnt lend a hand and fastened on
you instead, and when he came to pull you
along he found you had taken pretty strong
root also, for you twined your legs and arms
around the tombstone and hung on like a
leech, and it took half a dozen men and a
long pole to move you from the spot, and
even then they jarred the stone first. Now,
Albert, you've behaved badly, and you can’t
expect any mercy, so just prepare for a two
months’ term.”

And he prepared by taking an awful chew
of tobacco.

CHARLES MARTINGALE

was the next candidate nominated for peni-
tentiary honors, and he was a mournful look-
ing specimen. He looked as if he had been
playing with a whirlwind and it had pulled
him through a half inch knot hole and
stretched him out to a terrible length in the
same manner wire is made ; but while it had
stretched his frame out, it had forgotten to
stretch his clothes in proportion, and the re-
sult was pitiable, for his pants were away
above his ankles and his coat sleeves barely
covered his elbows. He looked like a six
foot man in a suit of child’s clothes.

“Mr. Martingale, I want you to tell me
how you came to raise such a disturbance as
you did Saturday night.”

And Charles rose up and waved his hand
on high, while his Honor jumped up in af-
fright and exclaimed :

“Hang on a minute—be careful—don’t
knock the plaster down. I’m afraid, Charles,
I'll have to ask you to sit down, for I'll have
an awful créak in my neck from looking up
so much, and, besides, I might just as well
talk to the man in the man in the moon when
you're standing up. There, that’s it. Now
proceed.” x i)

“We'd a discussion, your Honor”’—

“And some drinks.”

“Nary,” said Charles. “It was a discus-
sion on topics generally, and he was drunk
and called me a liar, and said my clothes
didn’t fit me, and that I got ’em at the Rink”—

“But who’s he ?” put in his Honor, angrily.

“Why, the other man.”

“But who's the other man ?”

0, the chap I'd the discussion with.”

“But what's his name ? Oh, ah ! his name ?
Let me see—it was John Smith, your Honor.”

“You might just as well have said Tom
Collins, for you can’t cram that little story
down here, Charles. The truth is, you were
drunk, and hit an unoffending man on the
nose, and now you're going up to the P. P.
to learn how to paint wash tubs and pails.”

He coiled himself away in a back seat, and
when the Black Maria came there was a long
discussion as to whether they’d cart him up in
joints, or wrap him round a flour barrel ; but
the driver eventually overcame the difficulty by
squeezing him in by main force and coiled him
up, and every now and then he would stick an
arm or a leg out of the window and flourish
it round, and the people who witnessed this
performance on the road to the P. P. must
have thought that Barnum had come to town
and that the Black Maria was the van con-
taining the Great Sea Serpent.

— rT ——

Mr. Moody remarks, ¢ We want
downright honesty in church.” He is
right. He shall have it, if we had to
provide a large portion of it ourselves;

‘and it shall not be honesty with a

mortgage on it either. — [Buffalo Ix-
press.

ForEwARNED, ForREARMED.—She ne-
ver told her love, but she roped him in
for about half a ton of ice cream, all
the same, and as much candy as two
sugar refineries could turn out in the
course of a year, and now he says that
if any worm i’ the bud is going to prey
on her damask cheek, it would be ad-
visable to let the contract out to a sea-
serpent and then bet on the cheek.—
[Punch.

 

NEWCASTLE.

 

Billy West” Becomes
Poetic, &c.

NEWCASTLE, May 8, 1878.

DEAR Sirs,—The letter in your valuable
paper of May 4th, signed “Spruce Gum,”
created quite a sensation in this delightful lit-
tle place. The young man has been inter-
viewed by your correspondent, and advised
to remove his colors so that the public at
large will not know who was meant by that
communication. He indignantly replied that
they represented the different nations to which
he claimed affinity, and that he never was
ashamed of his relations or his colors. Your
correspondent failed to recognize the different
nationalities, unless they be as follows :
Green, Irish ; Red, English; and Black, the
Devil's own color.

The other evening his noble self took his
lady-love for a ride on horseback. Would
I were an artist so that I could reproduce the
picture on canvas, asit appeared to me,
perched on a fence, but the scene is indelibly
painted on my brain, and at present can re-
member nothing it resembled, unless it be a
moose chase, and an Arabian custom was
brought vividly to my mind as I heard a great
voice whisper :

A short time to come
I remember it well,
High up on the rocks
A fair lily did dwell;
With her father and mother
She lived all serene,

I Her age it was brown
And her hair seventeen.

Now she had a lover
‘Who in the bank did dwell,
A bandy backed bank clerk
And bow-legged as well;
He said, ride wid me now
By the light of your star
For you are the eye
Of my little apple car.

But dis fair little lily
Said, be gentle and k!nd,
If my father says yes,
‘Why then should I mind;
If you love me so
You'll bring round tke mule,
Sobbed the maiden,
As she quietly stood on a stool.

So, so she delighted him,
He whacked his grey dog,
Then suddenly left
To look after his steed;
He next mounted the red,
And his lily so fair
Was helped to the saddle,
By Sam, while his master stood near.

Now just at this moment
The old man appeared,

And he gazed on the sight
Wid eyes in his tears;

He walked down beside him,
And laughingly said,

My dear little bank clerk,
What is your age.

Yours, &c.,

BinLy WEST.
ETT e————

ADVICE TO YOUNG MARRIED MEN.

 

Probably there is no time in the life of a
young man that he feels such a weight of re-
sponsibility as when he is about to become a
happy father—such, we believe, has been the
case of a prominent young man of our city
who a few days ago became the happy reci-
pient of a son. His first step was to make
the fact known to the public, so he proceeded
to prepare a notice for the morning papers ;
but being rather premature in his ideas, he
was uncertain whether to state the new acces-
sion was a son or girl-daughter, but rather
than miss an early publication, he sent one by
a messenger and another by the doctor, in or-
der to prevent any mistakes.

Such is likewise the experience of a great
many young men of to-day, and we would ad-
vise all such to be careful and not let them-
selves get into such a state of excitement. It
would probably be as well for them to give
less publicity to their domestic affairs.

If possible, I will procure you an engrav-
ing of the child, but circumstances does not
permit it at presen.

Thanking you, dear Dip, for your valuable

space,

I remain yours, AN OBSERVER.
