CANTASTOPTELIS ?
STROPE.
Oh he was a sweet, young, lithsome maa,
And he moved with a tender grace;
And a smile like the sweep of an angel’s wing
Played over his fair young face.
ANTISTROPE.
“T bring,» he said, and the editor bowed,
For he loved the sweet young thing,
© bring,” he murmured, ‘‘a poet’s song,
A lay of the balmy spring.”
CLIMAX.

Then the editor gathered his cross cut saw,
And the nail grab, all the same;
The big sledge hammer, the long crow bar,
And the club with the terrible name.
CATASTROPE,
He sawed him in two and he flattened him out,
He tore out each quivering lung;
He pinned him up to the sanctum wall,
So scattered, and yet so young. —[Hawkeye.
— ——R——————

Commenced in No. 19. Back Nos. always on hand.

THE BLACK-IADIES

By JULES VERNE.

 

CHAPTER. {1

ON TOE: B WIA XY.

(Continued.)

At this moment the smoke stack of the
“Prince of Wales” vomited volumes of black
smoke, and the boiler rumbled with deafening
noise. At the sound of the bell, which was
rung but a few times, the tardy travellers com-
menced to run. There was a crowd of mer-
chants, farmers, and ministers, the latter dis-
tinguished by their knee breeches, long coats,
and the fine white linen which circled their
throats.

James Starr was not the last to embark.
He sprang nimbly on the deck of the ‘Prince
of Wales.” Although raining violently, not
one of these passengers dreamed of seeking
shelter in the cabin. They remained quiet,
enveloped in their wraps, some refreshing
themselves from time to time from their flask
of gin or whiskey—or, as they say, ‘looking
after the inner man.” The last bell sounded,
the moorings were cast off, and the ‘Prince
of Wales” cleared from the little basin which
sheltered it from the billows of the North Sea.

The Firth of Forth is the name of a gulf
which indents the banks of the County of Fife
on the north, and those of the Counties of
Semlithgow, Edinburgh and Haddington on
the south. It forms the estuary of the Forth,
but like the Thames or the Mersey, of great
depth ; it flows from the western slope of Ben
Lomond and empties into the sea at Kincar-
dine.

The distance from Granton Pier to the end
of this gulf would be short but for the many
detentions caused by stopping at stations on
both sides of the water. Towns, villages and
cottages dotted the banks of the Forth among
the trees of this fertile country. Sheltered
under the large foot-bridge thrown between
the paddle boxes, James Starr made no effort
to look at the country, then streaked by the
fine hatching of the rain. He was anxious to
see if he were attracting the notice of any
particular passenger. Could the anonymous
author of the second letter be on the boat?
The engineer could not detect any suspicious
glances.

On leaving Granton Pier the ‘Prince of
Wales” steered toward the narrow strait which
glides between the two points of South Queens-
ferry and North Queensferry ; beyond which
the Forth forms a sort of lake, navigable for
vessels of a hundred tons. Through the open-
ings in the mist, the snowy summits of the
Grampian Hills were visible,

Soon the steamboat had left behind the vil-
lage of Aberdour, the isle of Colm, crowned
by the ruins of a monastery dating from the
twelfth century, the remains of the castle of
Barngougle, of Dombristle, where was assas-
sinated the Regent Murray’s son-in-law, then
the islet fortified by Garvey. It cleared the
strait of Queensferry, passed on the left Ros-
lyn Castle, where formerly resided one branch
of the Stuarts, of which Cromwell’s mother
was a kins-woman ; shot by Bleckness, al-
ways fortified, in conformity with one of the
articles in the treaty of the Union ; and skirted
the wharves of the little port of Charleston,
whence is exported the limestone from Lord
Elgin’s quurries.

The weather had grown very disagreeable,
The rain, beated by the violent wind, was
swept about like water-spouts by the roaring
gusts. James Starr was not free from some
anxiety. Would Simon Ford’s son be at the
rendezvous? Ile knew from experience that
the miners being accustomed to the quiet
depths of the mines, are less willing than the
outward men to face inclement weather.
From Callander to the Dochart Pit and Yar-
row Well the distance was four miles, These
were reasons which might to a certain extent
delay the old overseer’s son. And all

  
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 

this
time the engineer was worried by the idea

that the meeting arranged in the first letter
had been countermanded in the second.

It was, in fact, his greatest anxiety.
At all events, if Harry Ford was not in

waiting when the train reached Callander,
James Starr had decided to go alone to the
Dochart Pit, and even if necessary, as far as
the village of Aberfoyle.
without doubt hear something of Simon Ford,
and he could ascertain where the old overseer
actually lived.

There he could

Meanwhile the “Prince of Wales” continued

its course, raising great billows under the
strokes of its paddle wheels.
be distingushed on either bank, neither the
village of Crumbie, nor Torryburn, nor Torry-
house, nor Newmills, nor Caariden house, nor
Kirkgrange, nor Salt Pans, on the right. The
little port of Bowness, the port of Grange-
mouth, hollowed out at the mouth of the
Clyde Canal, disappeared in the heavy fog.
Curioss, the old borough, and the ruins of the
Abbey of Citeaux, Kincardine and its ship-
yards,
Castle Ayr and its square tower of the
thirteenth
castle, built by Robert Bruce, were not
even
of rain.
the Alloa dock to let off some passengers.
James Starr felt his hears beat faster, passing
thus, after ten years’ absence, this little vil-
lage, the seat of such important mines, which
still supported a large number of miners. His
fancy led into this subsoil, which the miner’s
pick still hollowed out to great advantage.
These Alloa mines, almost contiguous to those
of Aberfoyle, continued to enrich the county,
while the neighboring borings, now for many
years exhausted, did not boast a single work-
man.

Nothing could

at which the steamboat touched,

century, Clackmannan and its
visible through the slanting lines

The “Prince of Wales” stopped at

The steamboat, after leaving Alloa, struck

into the numerous turnings which the Forth
makes for a distance of
steamed rapidly rapidly between the great
trees on both banks.
glade appeared the ruins of the Abbey of
Cainbuskenneth, which dates from the twelfth
century.
ough of that name, where the Forth is crossed
by two bridges, and is no longer navigable
for high-masted vessels.

nineteen miles. It

One moment through a

Then Castle Stirling, with the bor-

Scarcely had the “Prince of Wales” touch-

ed the dock when the engineer sprang lightly
on the wharf, Five minutes after he reached
the station at Stirling.
the train at Callandar, a large village situated
on the left bank of the Tuth.

One hour later he left

There, on the platform, stood a young man

who at once approached the engineer.

It was Harry, Simon Ford’s son.

 

CHAPTER IIL
THE DOCHART / PIT.

Harry Ford was a tall young man of twenty-

five years, vigorous and well developed. His
serious expression and habitually pensive bear-
ing had distinguished him from infancy from
his companions in the mine.
tures, his sweet
wavy and of a chestnut rather than blonde
shade, his natural charm of manner, all agreed
to form the perfect type of the Lowlander—
that is to say, a superb specimen of the Scotch-
man of the plain.
earliest childhood to the work of the mine, he
was at once a reliable companion and a brave,
honest soul.
father, led by his own instincts, he had worked,
he had learned in time, and at an age when
one is little more than an apprentice he had
made himself of importance, one of the first
in his station, in a country which numbers few
ignoramuses, as it does everything to suppress
ignorance.
hood the pick had scarcely left his hand, ne-
vertheless the young miner was not slow in
acquiring sufficient knowledge to advance him
in the hierarchy of the mine ; and he would

His regular fea-
earnest eyes, his hair rather

Inured almost trom his

Guided by his father, led by his

If during the early years of man-

certainly have succeeded his father in the po-
sition of overseer in the Dochart Pit if the
mine had not been abandoned.

Although Sames Starr was still a good
walker, he could not have easily followed his
guide, if the latter had not moderated his
steps. The rain fell with less violence. The
large drops were scattered before touching the
soil. They were more like moist gusts whieh
swept the horizon, stirred up by the fresh
breeze.

Harry Ford and James Starr—the young
man carrying the engineer’s light baggage—
followed the left bank of the river for the dis-
tance of a mile. After having skirted its
winding bank they took a road which struck
inland under the great rustling, dripping trees.
Pastures spread on either side, surrounding is-
olated farms. Several flocks were quietly
grazing on the grass, which is always green
on the Lowland meadows. There were horn-
less cows, or little sheep with silken wool,
which resembled the toy sheep of childrens’
folds, No shepherd could be seen—he was
no doubt sheltered in a hollow tree—but the
colley, a dog peccliar to this country of the
United Kingdom, and renowned for his vigi-
lance, roamed around the pasturage.

The Yarow Well was situated four miles
from Callanpar. James Starr, even while
walking, could not help feeling depressed. He
had not seen the country since the last ton of
coal from the Aberfoyle mines had been
thrown into the cars of the Glasgow Railway.
"The agricultural life had now replaced the in-

 

   
   

dustrial one, always more exciting, more ac-
tive, The contrast was all the more striking
because that in winter the farmer's work de-
creases. But formerly in all seasons the min-
ingg population, above as well as below, en-
livened this district. The great coal trains
passed day and night. The rails now buried
on their rotten sleepers were once ground un-
der the weight of the wagons. Now a road
of stones and clay was gradually taking the
place of the old tramways of the works.
James Starr thought he was crossing a desert.

The engineer looked about him with sad-
dened eyes. He stopped at intervals to take
breath. He listened. The air was no longer
filled with the distant whistlings and the pant-
ing noise of the engines. Not a single column
of blackish vapor which the workman loves
to see mingled with the great clouds in the
horizon. No high cylindrical chimney, or
prismatic vomiting of smoke ; after being fed
in the depths of the earth, no shaft exhausts
itself in breathing out its white vapor. The
earth, formerly blackened by the dust from
the mine, had a natural appearance, to which
the eyes of James Starr were not accustomed.

When the engineer stopped, Harry Ford
stopped also. The young miner waited in si-
lence. He understood what was passing in
the mind of his companion, and he fully shared
his feelings—he, a child of the mine, whose
whole life had been spent in the depths of this
soil.

“Yes, Harry ; all is changed,” said James
Starr.  “‘But in proportion as they are with-
drawn, the treasures of the mine must some
day be exhausted. You regret that time ?”

£1 vegret rit,. Mr. Starr,’ replied; iH ancy.
“The work was hard, but it was interesting,
like all efforts.” -

“Without doubt, my boy. The constant
struggle, the danger of the mine falling in, of
fires, of inundations, of explosions, of fire-
damp, which strike like lightning! To ward
off these perils! You are right! It is a strug-
gle, and consequently the excitement !”

“The Alloa miners have been more favored
than the Aberfoyle miners, Mr. Starr,”

*eYees, Flarry.

“In fact,” cried the young man, ‘it is too
bad that the whole earth was not made en-
tirely of coal! Then it would last for several
millions of years!”

“Without doubt, Harry. But we must ad-
mit that nature has proved thoughtful in form-
ing our spheroid principally of sandstone,
limestone and granite, which cannot con-
sume,”

“Do you mean to say, Mr. Starr, that hu-
man beings would have ended by burning
their globe 74

“Yes, decidedly so, my boy. The earth
would have passed to the last mite into the
furnaces of the locomotives, the machines, the
steamers, the gas-works; and certainly it is
thus that one of these fine days our world
have ended.”

“That is no longer to be feared, Mr. Starr.
But instead the mines will be exhausted much
sooner than statistics say.”

“That will happen, Harry ; and in mv opi-
nion, Harry, England is wrong in exchanging
her coal for the gold of other nations.”

‘You are right.”

“I know well,” added the engineer, “that
neither hydraulics nor electricity are yet com-
pletely understood, and that these two forces
will yet be more thoroughly utilized. But
never mind. Coal is of great practical use,

industry. Unhappily men can not produce it
at will. If the outer forests should spring un-
ceasingly under the influence of heat and
rain, the inner forests could never be repro-
duced, and the world will never again be un-
der the conditions necessary to make them.”

James Starr and his guide, while talking,
had been walking rapidly.
leaving Callandar, they reached the Dochart
RIT

The most indifferent spectator would have
been touched by the sad appearance of these
deserted works.
what had been before full of animation. In a
vast square, bordered by some miserable
trees, the earth was still thick with coal-dust,
but all signs of cinders, pieces of eoal and
soot were gone, They had long since been
carried off and consumed.

On a small hill was distinguishable the
skeleton of an enormous frame, which the sun
and the rain were slowly eating away, At the
top of this frame was a great rowel or casting
wheel; and still lower rounded the great
drums, on which formerly were rolled the ca-
bles which drew the cages to the surface of
the earth.

On the lower floor they saw the dismantled
machine-house, in which the copper and steel
parts of the mechanism had once glistened.
Some fragments of the wall lay on the ground
among broken joints, moldy with damp. Re-
maing of beams, to which were fastened the
shaft of the exhausting pumps, wedges, broken
and encrusted with earth, toothless saws,
overturned weighing machines, several ladder
rounds, fixed to wooden horses and looking
like the great bones of the ichthyosaurus, ralls
carried on broken cross-pieces, still upheld by
two or three tottering piles, tramways whi¢h
would not have borne the weight of an empty
wagon—such was the desolate appearance of
the Dochart Pit, The chafed stones at the
edge of the pit were covered with thick
mosses, tere were | the pieces of a eage,

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
    
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
  

and is easily adapted to the various needs of

An hour after

It was like the skeleton of

 

coal was stored before being sorted according
to its quality and size. Finally, the remains
of tons to which hung the end of a chain,
fragments of gigantic wooden horses, the
plates of a ripped-open boiler, twisted pis-
tons, long beams suspended over the moutlis
of the pump wells, foot-bridges trembling in
the wind, culverts shaking under the feet,
walls full of crevices, half-broken down roofs,
overhanging disjointed brick chimneys, re-
sembling those modern guns whose breach is
chiseled out in cylindrical rings. Everything
conveyed an impression of desolation, misery
and sadness; not produced by the ruins of an
old stone castle, or the remains of a disman-
tled fortress.

“It is desolation,” said James Starr, look-
ing at the young man, who did not reply.

They then passed under the shed which cov-
ered the mouth of the Yarrow Pit, whose lad-
ders still gave acess to the lower galleries of
the mine. Go icc:

The engineer swung himself over the mouth.
Formerly the strong air exhaled by the vent-
ilators could be felt there. It was now a si-
lent abyss. It seemed like the crater of an
extinct volcano.

James Starr and Harry stepped on the first
landing.

While being worked, an ingenious engine
served certain shafts in the Aberfoyle mines,
which in in this respect were well suppliedwith
apparatus. Buckets furnished with automatic
parcheutes, held by wooden slides, oscillating
ladders — called engine men — which, by a
simple oscillating motion, allowed the miners
to descend withont danger and ascend with-
out fatigue.

But this perfected apparatus had been car-
ried away afterthe work was stopped. There
remained at the Yarow shaft only a long line
of ladders, separated by narrow landings at
intervals of fifty feet. Thirty of these ladders,
placed end to end, would allow a descent to
to the bottom of the lowest gallery, at a depth
of fifteen hundred feet. It was the only com-
munication which existed between the bottom
of the Dochart Pit and the suface of the earth.
As for ventilation, it happened that the gal-
leries of the Yarow Well cemmunicated with
another shaft which opened on a higher level.
The warm air was thus naturally set free by
this kind of a reversed syphon. ;

“I will follow you, my boy,” said the engi-
neer, signing to the young man to precede
him. {

‘At your service, Mr. Starr.”

“You have your lamp ?” a cs

“Yes; and would to heaven it were the
safety lamp which we formerly used.”

“The fact is, an explosion of fire-damp
no longer to be feared,” said James Starr,

Harry was furnished with a simple oil lamp,
the wick of which he lit. Inthe empty
mine, carbutted hydrogen gas cannot be pro-
duced ; thus no explosion need be feared. No
necessity exists for interposing between the
flame and ambient air that metallic gauze
which prevents the gas from igniting the outer
air. The Davy lamp, then so perfect, was no
longer needed here. But if the danger had
ceased to exist, it was because the cause had
disappeared, and, with this cause, the eom-
bustible which formerly made the wealth of
the Dochart Pit. 3

Harry descended the first rounds of the up-
per ladder. James Starr followed him, Both
soon found themselves in profound darkness,
broken only by the light of tie lamp. e
young man held it above hig head, the better
to light his companion, 1 erie}

They went down ten ladders with the mea-
sured step habitual to the miners.

These were still in good condition.

James Starr looked with curiosity, as well
as the sufficient light would permit, at the
dark sides sides of the shaft, still covered with
a half-rotten, wooden planking.

Arrived at the fifteenth landing, that is to
say, half-way down, they halted.

“Dedidedly, I have not your limbs, my
boy,” said the engineer, taking a long breath,
“but still we’ll do it,”

“You are stout, Mr. Starr,” said Harry,
“and it is something, you see, to have always
lived in the mine.”

“You are right, Harry, Once upon a time,
when T was twenty, I could have run down
with one breath, Let us go on.”

is

 
  

TEP

3 % 2 :

One of our country exchanges says :
“The absence of our leader to-day must
be excused,” ete. The editor's wife
has gone to Boston to buy a new bon-
net,—[ Commercial Bulletin.

Welcome, season of string beans,
Lettuce, dandelion greens,
Radishes and juicy beets
New-laid eggs an fresh-barm meals ;
Welcome, season of delights,
Balmy days and breezy nights ;
‘Welcome, hale and hearty chills,
Doctors’ physic, doctors? bills,
3 —[St. Louis Journal.

Last Week a man was arrested in
New York for stealing newspapers. He
had a mania for his apparently profit-
able thievery. He had stolen, in thir-
teen months, eleven thousand newspa-
pers, and his room looked like the hu-
morous column of a St. Louis newspa-

there there the remains of a shed, where the ! per.—[ Hawkeye.
