Xr ve Minutes at the Police Court.

Tee supremacy of the harmonium was in
danger Monday morning when its strongest
advggate, Sergeant Owens, approached the
Pola: Court, for some of the members of
the § wee were introducing novelties in the
way Of instruments ; and when he emerged
from the square the terribly discordant strains
that burst upon his ears led him to believe
that & lunatic asylum had been opened in the
court room, or all the officers had got on a
jambgree. There was a squealing, wheezing,
and grunting, as if fifty thousand pigs were all
being killed at the one time, and were all
squeaiing their level best ; there was a sound
as if all the small boys from Fundy to Chaleur
were beating on tin pans, mingled with the
noise of drawing some sharp instrument across
a window pane, while at every lull there arose
a resping and a gasping like unto the sound

of a pair of asthmatic bellows or the
“pumping” of a fat man at the end
of a long race; and with his hands

over his ears, teeth on edge, and every nerve
shivering with the awful discord, the sergeant
entered and beheld an awful sight. Seated
on the harmonium was Briggs, playing the
bagpipes, like all possessed ; while seated on
chairs with their feet ‘on a level with their
heads were policemen Evans and Tracey, the
former operating on a concertina, in a terrible
state of repair, and which, when it dropped a
note, or half a dozen of them, gave vent to a
most heartrending and appalling groan in-
stead, and 1 the latter was most industriously
scraping away at an old fiddle, which he occa-
sionally rosined up with all the ease, grace
and dexterity of the first violin in the orches-
tra at present at the Institute. Owens stood
for a mement in holy horror, and gazed upon
the scene.
their utmost capacity, his face was flushed, and
his eyes were fairly ‘“podding out.” Evans
was working the concertina in a stiff and spas-
modic manner just as if he were practising on
a bucksaw, while Tracey, with the fiddle
tucked under his chin, scraped away, and
smiled and seemed as happy and comfortable
as a seraph scraping away at the constellation
of the Great Bear with a double-barreled rain-
bow, Owens looked upon them, but only for
a mcment. Then he rushed wildly towards
Briggs and exclaimed in a voice like an ex-

Briggs’s cheeks were inflated to

ploding powder magazine :
~ For the sake of
his mother and all his relations, stop him !”
“Why? What's the matter?”
the ethers jumping up.
“Ctop him, or he’ll bust!” and then he

“Stop him! Stop him !

exclaimed

sunk upon a seat gasping for breath, and
wanted to know what they were trying to do.

Then followed explanations from the musi-
cians. Briggs said that they had concluded
that the harmonium was too mournful, and,
that being tired of it, they had procured the
bagpipes, concertina and fiddle merely to try
them, and now considered the bagpipes only
as worthy of consideration, as they were a
good deal more cheerful than the harmonium,

The sergeant reflected a moment, and re-
marked that they were, to a certain extent,
more cheerful, but necessitated cotton wool in
the ears if they were nearer than two blocks,
which was a great objection.

Briggs said the harmonium reminded him
too znuch of a lot of Mormon widows wailing
the death of a husband, and was, besides, only
fit to sing hymns to. ;

Owens retorted by saying that you couldn’t
hear yourself speak when the bagpipes were
being played, and it was teg to one but what
they’d deafen every one inside of a week.

And then began a hot and furious argument
abou! the respective merits of the instruments,
which ended by the sergeant coming off victor,
an. he harmonium was saved from banish-

ne

  

i'rigy then retired to the hall to solace
hims.If with his old favorite, the jewshaip;
Evans mournfully wrapped his concertina up
in a newspaper, and Tracey went off with the
fiddle singing a negro ministre] melody, part
of which runs: “Hang up the fiddle and the
bow, while the sergeant seated himself at the
ha:rronium and burst out in the following

SONG OF TRIUMPH,

* he harmonium hath trivmphed (—
It hath ttumphed over all (—

% he bagpipes are discarded,
And up against the wall,

L ptouched, and quite forgotten,

Is the squeaking fiddle hung:
Let the harmonium’s trivanph
In loudest strains be sung.”

The last strains had no sooner died away
than his Honor entered. His face was beam-
ing with smiles, and he sported a new white
hat,—at the sight of which a murmur ran
around among the policemen, and after a
moment’s thought, policeman Owens struck
up the following ode to the first white hat of
the season :

 

Ys the first white hat of the season :

Like a meteor it doth gleam—
And brighter far than the brightest star,
And as bright as the moon's cold heani.

White hats at once attract the eye—
Once seen, they're neer forgot;
And O! may no one e'er express
A wish to have it shot.”
With a smile his Honor hung his bat and
coat upon the hook, and opened court by

calling out the name of

THOMAS BIRKEN,

Thomas had been on a high old time, and
dinged himself considerably. He had
like a fish all day, and towards midnight had
attempted to wend his way homeward, but,
like Jordan, it was a hard road to travel, and
he tumbled into a vacant lot in the burnt dis-
trict, barked his nose, scratched his face, and

drank

the only thing that saved him from a broken
head was the hardshell hat he wore, so that,
when he fell, instead of splitting his head
open, he split the crown of his hat and ruined
it forever. liven then he did net get home
all right, but got into another man’s house
and was promptly turned out, but not until
he had staggered round and tumbled down
again, and burst nine yards of plaster off a
wall and punched a hole in it big enough to
Then he hol-
lered police and murder, and shouted for some
one to take off the man who was pounding
him with a three-storey and a French roof
dwelling house ; and eventually a policeman
came, and Mr. Birken was marched off to the
lock-up.

drive a span of horses through.

Ie now stood before his ITonor in answer
to his name, and contemplated his ruined hat
with downcast looks.
* said his Honor in a tone
of voice as hard and ringing as a blacksmith’s
anvil, ‘‘you are not only charged with drunk-
enness, but with seriously damaging an honest
man’s building and cutting up pretty rough
generally. Now, Thomas, this is no time of
year, when houses and cornices are tumbling
down on their own hook,and many only want
a slight shake to knock ’em, for you to go
round shaking things up.

“Thomas Birken,’

It’s dangerous,
Thomas, for men like you to be flying round
loose among these new buildings, and about
the safest place is the P. P., where you may
hammer away at the walls as much as you
like, and I'll put up any money your head’ll
go first.”

And Thomas sank into a back seat “‘unwept,
unhonored, and unsung,” for the man at the
organ refused to strike the golden lyre for a
man who was so powerful mean as to go
round butting houses down.

BARNEY DUNGANNON

came next, and stepped up to the mark smiiing
and cheerful. Te had been on a ‘reg’lar
good old-fashioned tear,” as he remarked to a
policeman, and had torn a good many thing,
including his coat and shirt, but he had
“slicked himself up,” and now was fresh and
He had a handkerchief round his
neck that looked as if half-a-dozen rainbows
had been run into it, and his hair was plastered
with soap to make it “stay put.”

“Barney Dungannon,” said his Honor,
‘you were drunk Saturday night, and I'm of
the opinion that yowll have to make that
drunk last you for a period of two months,
for 'm going to send you up. You made
things quite interesting last Saturday evening
on Charlotte street by dragging a newsboy
round the street, and what with your yells and
those of the unforturate boy,
terrible din.”

smiling.

you created a

“You say,” said Barney, interrupting his
Honor, and leaning forward and smiling
blandly, “you say I dragged a newsboy round
the street ?”

“Yes,” said his Honor, “you did,”

And Barney laughed softly, as if it were a
good joke, and said :

“Just to think of my dragging that hoy
round the street | What a joke! “Do you
know,” he went on, addressing his Honor,
“that joke reminds me of an incident that I

witnessed while spending my holidays in’ the
country last year. Would you like to hear it?”

“If it’s not long, we'll indulge you by listen-
ing,” said his Honcr.

“Well, there was a very worthy deaccn of

the church lived near where I was staying
who was very fond of fancy cattle, and he had
a Cotswold ram sent down to him by train,
and when it came he and his boy Dan went
down to the station to bring it up, and took
a piece of rope with them for that purpose.
Now the deacon had had some experience in
leading calves and sheep in his day and ex-
pected some trouble, and to prevent any he
arranged the rope in this wise : the rope be-
ing first fastened to the ram and leaving about
six feet on each side, and the deacon took the
rope on the right hand side and Dan the one
on the left, so that if the ram ran at the dea-
con with the amiable intention of butting him
into a cocked hat he would be snubbed by
Dan, and vec zersa. They had got about
half a from the when the
apparatus © was RUSSO eR re tif oO
the ram suddeniy made a run at Dan, and the
deacon laffea his feet firmly on the ground,

mile station

and when the ram ran the length of his tether

he was snubbed up suddenly and jerked over.
Then the deacon smiled, and Dan remarked
that’s ‘the ticket, dad.” Dut they hadn’t got

more than a hundred yards up the road when

the ram made a run at the deacon, and as

Dan was not strong enough to hold the ram,
as his father had done, the result was that the
deacon was struck in the wind and knocked
into a ditch full of mire, and gave Dan such a
sudden jerk that he described a graceful circle
in the air and came down alongside of his re-
spected pater, who promptly yanked him out
and got out himself. And what a sight he
was! His shirt front was a mass of rusty mud
and his hair was plastered with it. The ram
in the meantime stood quietly by and watched
the deacon scrape the mud off his clerical
looking tile, and there seemed to be a con-
Once
more they grasped the ropes, but the deacon
turned on Dan with ‘look here, if you can’t
manage better than you did last time you'd
better give me the rope,” and Dan smiled from
out a mask of mud and passed the rope to the
deacon.

tempt for deacons generally in his eye.

He had no sooner got the rope well
in his hands than the frisky Cotswold jerked
the deacon off his feet and started up the road.
Nothing could be seen of the deacon, for he
was shrouded in dust, but any one could tell
that it wasn’t an angel in the cloud of dust
that went sailing up the road from the streaks
of galvanized profanity that flew out of it.
Then the deacon got caught in the ropes and
couldn’t free himself, and the ram cut through
a fence into a large field, dragging the unfor-
tunate man after him, bumping him against
fences and stumps, tearing his clothes, and
But at length
the deacon caught in a fence and the rope
broke

knocking him round generally.

He hadn’t much
clothes on him by that time, your Honor, and
the way he struck for home across ditches,
fences and brooks was beautiful but undigni-
fied.”

“Is that all ?” asked his Honor.

FY eS

“Well, just take a back seat and wait for
the Black Maria.”

“Well,” he murmured sadly,
fetch him after all.”

and he was f{rce.

 

“it didn’t

BRANTFORD SUMMER

came next, and he was as tall as an extension
fire escape and abcut as unwieldy in his move-
ments.

“Brantford,” said his ITonor,
night Saturday a policeman observed what he
thought was a three storey and a half step
ladder coming out of a cellar window of a
hardware store, and he proceeded to investi-
gate and discovered you halfin and half out.
He saw just how much of you was outside,

“about mid-

bat he had no idea that there was as much oJ
you to follow as he afterwards learned when
he got two other policemen to assist and
dragged you out. I’m afraid you indulged in
the bowl which cheers but also inebriates.”

“J should imagine not,” said Brantford.

“The policeman says you smelt like it,”

I don’t care what the policeman says ; I
wasn't intoxicated,”

“Come, now, hadn’t you a little in, and
you're wrong in saying you hadn’t.”

“Yes! Yes! I dare say I'm wrong—very
often am, you know,”

  
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
  

 

““That’s right, Brantford. Now I’m coming
to the main point—what were you doing in
that cellar ?” 2

“I got locked in and was crawling out.”

“O ho 1” said his Honor, “but that’s a nice
little story.”

“Its the truth,” said Brantford,

“It may be, and then again it'may not be,”
said his Ionor.

And just as Brantford was thinking upon a
lot of big dictionary words as long as himself
to launch at his Honor, his employer stepped
up and explained things to his Honor’s satis.
faction, and they marched oft together,—and
the man at the organ struck up :

“0! there was a young feller crawled ont of a cellar ;
He was quite as tall as a thirty-foot Ladder ; )
And a policeman bagged him and stationward drag-
aod hn, 3
And made him feel wiser, and sadder,
And madder
Than any man long as a thirty-foot ladder.»

CT ———

“ PENNY DIP” SNUFFINGS,

A lady, referring to the flirting pro-
pensities of her young friend, said :
“She would sit up in her coffin to co-
quette with the undertaker.—[ Puck.

A Newark chap dreamed for twenty
consecutive nights that he was out car-
riage riding, and couldn't imagine any
reason for the fact until he discovered
that his bed was a little buggy.—[New-
ark Call.

The ancient Greeks used to have a
great deal of trouble with their hair as
we moderns do. As. for instance, Lu-
ripped his and Thucy-died his. In
fact, they were all hair-assed abou? it
more or less.

The will of Mr. Land, late of Ken-
tucky, leaves all his property to his
wife, and specifies that she can “marry
again if she wants to.” And yet peo-
ple sing about a land that is fairer than
this.—[ Oil City Derrick.

Not richer were the Israclites
Who had their Mose and Aaron,
Than is the farmer of to-day
As thro’ the grain-fields hearin?
He downs the barley and the wheat,
Aud cuts the acres through,
And while he takes his little mows
He has his airin’ too.
— [Yexlkers Gazette.

A leading health journal says, “ne-
ver go to bed with cold feet.” If your
feet are cold, you'd better leave them
down stairs alongside the kitchen fire
when you go to bed. The advice given
in health journals should he heeded.
[Norristown Herald.

This is perhaps the most wonderful
season for growth on record. Scarcely
a paper comes to hand that does not
record the name of a resident over one
hundred years old. The open winter
sent everything ahead at marvelous
speed.—[ Danbury News.

“&Vho,” said Mr. Peter Mitchell, a
member of the Canadian House of
Commons, to the members who were
trying by interruptions to choke him
off, “who braved there ©” “It was an
echo” retorted a member, amid a yoll
of delight.—[Detroit Free Press,

The vigorous Waseca (Miresota)
Herald says: “The hod-carrier and
whiskey-guzzler of the up-town Hell
Box says he has done $107 60 worth
of job work in the last twenty-eight
days. He simply lies like a horse
thief. Besides, what little work he has
done he has borrowed the type with
which to do the most of it.”

Either writers for the press must
stop using Latin quotations or the
printers must be taught Latin.—[Rich-
mond State. Detter teach the prin-
tors, for we are wedded to Latin. It’s
(hic) second mature to us. Any old
hac can write plain Inglish ; besides,
what is so expressive at times as a good.
lune of Latin, Cum now '—[ Utica
Observer,

The toothless anglers possesses one
advantage over the fisherman who owns
a good set of molars. When he goes
fishing, and holds the worms in his
mouth for convenience—as is customary
we believe—he isn't so apt to render
them unfit for bait, by abstractedly
commencing to wove his jaws, under
the impreggien that he has a chew of
finegug in his mouth. Norristown

| Frerald,

 
