Sb lt cain scab
Tor THE DIP.
CRNIGIT THOUGRITS.”
(THE FLEEFUL FLEA.)

The wicked flea fleeth when we-man pursueth.

How doth the little jumping flea
Incline to bore and bite;

He sticketh his proboscis in,
And sucketh with delight.

How skillfully he sinks his welll
Tow neatly taps our backs!

Nor heedeth in his purpose fell
The itchiness he makes.

0 Flea! O Pwlex Irritans!
I must be busy too;
And if on you I lay my hands,
I'l gladly put you through. =»
In luscious draughts and nin:ble play
Thy restless hours are past,
Yet thou may’st find, e’er dawn of day,
rat'ry grave at last.
cs NG. E.
J

THE PENNY DIP.

 

 

St. John, N. B., May 18, 1878.

 

 

All the papers up Westmorland way are
growling about the side-walks. We grin
and bear it down here.

 

An American paper calls the man who is
going to walk the distance of the circumfer-
ence of the earth, the “Toronto lunatic.”

 

Afd still it continues in P. E. Island. One
editor calls another a ‘‘gingerbread editor,”
but he may not be good enough to eat for a
that.

 

The fortifications and guns on Partridge
Island are being put in order, probably on
account of rumors of a Fenian raid. For our
part we’d a darn tight sooner be fired at than
be the daring gunner who’d fire any gun cn
the Island.

Banks McKenzie is going to Charlottetown.
Let us hope he'll inform some of the news-
anA-—saolia thama. lene _guarlecoma.
“dole-

rapet men : ’
for the Patriot calls the Zxaniiner a
ful contemacrary,” and says ‘its tone .is old

womanish, or rather old madish.”

The Sackville Barderer congratulates the
Globe man who drew the $5,000 prize, and
says :i— = :

This, we believe, is the first instence on re-
cord in which a newspaper man has had such

remarkable luck. Many of them owe $5000,
but very few can command such a sum.

Edison, the phonograph man, has got out
over one hundred and fifty inventions. His
last, says an American paper, is a machine
that will tear up a street, turn it over, stand it
on end, break it in two, and slam whang it
all over the crossings and sidewalks in leds
time than three thousand men can get it back
to grade. That’s the kind of a machine we

want in this city.

People pastures their cows on the streets in
P. E. I, and this how they manage when a
policeman tries to run themin : i

An amusing incident occured on one of our
streets the other day. One of our policemen,
bent on the discharge of his duty, and no
doubt urged on by the hope of gaining twenty-
‘five cents reward, espied a cow wandering
about the streets. He immediately gave
chase, and endeavored to head the animal off
and get her to the pound. but alas! for the
frailty of human nature, that policeman
could not be in two places at once. The cow
ran, closely pursued by the policeman, up and
down/the streets, into yards and out. The
policeman puffed and blowed, but he could
not get the best of this refractory cow, during
an exciting chase of Half an hour’s duration,
and he had to give up the hope of securing
the animal in the pound.—~Zatriot,

—————ren—

A popular sovereign—one pound
sterling.

“There is nothing new under the

sun,” remarked Solomon, the wise
king. “How about neuralgia?’ asked
Rehoboam, walking into the place

with his jaw tied up in red flannel
and the faint, far away odor of old
Robertson county arnica on his mous-
tache. The monarch scowled and said
he hoped the kingdom of Israel hadn't
wot down to running a Paragrapher’s
Association just yet.—[Hawkeye,

 

 

-_—

 

 

OTTAWA.

OLOSING SCENES ! |

Antics of the Black Rod.

.

D. A SHITH AND SIR JOHN A

ECE CO less

OTTAWA, May I1.

The Session closed with’ a grand Pyrotech-
nic display, rhetorical fireworks creating a
great sensation. = I was one of ‘the few wit-
nesses of the closing scene, the crowd being
in the Senate, gazing upon the gorgeously
uniformed ¢Vicerory of Her Majesty,” as he
styles himself, although he bas no claim
whatever to such a title. There were three
dozen members in the House, two thirds of
whom were Ministerialists, and there was no-
thing to do, but await the coming of the

DAPPER AND DANDIFIED YOUNG MAN

who is known in Parliamentary parlance as
Black Rod. = We expected nothing more
startling than his summons to the presence of
His Excellency, nothing more amusing than
Black Rod’s famous form before the august
presence of the Speaker. . At this moment
Daniel A. Smith, well known for his connec-
tion with the North West troubles which fel-
lowed the purchase of the Hudson Bey Com-
pany’s rights, arose and replied to an attack
which Sir John Macdonald made on him the
previous night, in connection with the pro-
posed lease of the Pembina Branch Railway
to the Minnesota Company of which M
allowed to complete his reply, which denied
that he had confessed his connection with the
Company to which the lease had been pro-
mised, without denying that he was connected
with it, and wound up with an attack-on Sir
John. This was all right, and was not resented
by any one, Sir John merely saying ‘hear,
hear,” and laughing, And then Mr. Smith

Oral 1S Sapp OCA TU UC A MICTIIDET,

OVERSTEPPED THE BOUNDS OF DECENCY,
by taking up a speech delivered by Dr. Tup-
per last summer, in which the Doctor handled
Smith and others~who rattled at the Pacific
Scandal crisis without gloves. He denied
the statement, and the Doctor told him he
had been a very long time makingeup his
mind to the denial, having sat there in silence
three months. Mr. Smith proceeded to give
his own version of the negotiations between
him and the leaders of the parties at the time
he changed sides. Dr. Tupper, with great
passion, denounced the proceeding as mean,
cowardly and because there
would be no opportunity of reply. Smith
progeeded to detail private conversations with
members of Sir John Macdonald’s Cabinet,
and Dr. Tupper cried out :

treacherous,

The man who
retails a private conversation will falsify it.”
Smith continued, and Sir John shouted :
“There is not one particle of truth in it. The
man: is telling an utter falsehood.” Smith
kept on, saying he had refused every offer of
the Cabinet to support them.
claimed : “They had not enough to satisfy
you.” Tupper thundered out : “You wanted
a seat in the Cabinet, you begged and implor-
ed me to use my influence with the right hon.
member for Kingston to make you a Privy
Councillor, and you deserted because your
prayer was refused.” Smith kept right on,
and asserted that Tupper had told him that
Sir John was not in a condition to know what
he said when he (Smith) had his conference
with him on the subject. He declared that

SIR JOHN TOLD HIM ONTARIO WAS ROTTEN,

and could be controlled, Sir John cried :
“That is false, every word of it 3” and Smith
replied that if Sir John had not said that to
bim the spirit which was within him had said
it. The Black Rod was announced in wait-
ing for admission, and the Speaker rose to re-
ceive him, but Smith, instead of sitting down,

Rochester ex-

kept talking right along, while Dr. Tupper,
in indignant fury, thundered :

“SIT DOWN !}
You mean, treacherous coward, sit down !”
This was kept up for a minute, perhaps, and
the Speaker, putting his hands up to his
mouth for a speaking trumpet, shouted, with
all the lungs he possessed, “Admit the mes-
senger,” and beckoned him forward at the
Black Rod,
Rartled, surprised and agitated, had made the

same time. It was only when
second of his three advancing bows, their in-
ferior grace showing that he had been thrown
out of his usual good “form,” and their lack
of depth indicating his loss ‘cfs respect for an
assembly that could receive so important a
functionary as himself in that way, that Smith
The instant
the ceremony was over, and when members
met in the floor to fall in behind the Speaker,
to follow him to the bar of the Senate, the
row began again. It is hard to say who
spoke first, but, with

sat down and Tapper shut up.

FISTS IN THREATENING PROXIMITY TO FACES,
Sir John said Smith was the biggest liar tn.Car-
ada. Smith said Sir John was the damnedest
scoundrel in the House, and Rochester, with his
face flushed with fury, and his wig standing,
up from his bald head in wrath, put his fist
under Smith’s chin and hissed in his ear!
“You are a damned old liar, a traitor, a
coward, a murderer. You were concealed in
the fort when Scott was murdered, and could
have saved him witha word!” ‘You are a
liar, Sir,” replied Smith, trembling in every
limb. The Sjeaker all the while, with the
Clerk and Sergent-at-Arms, was waiting for a
chance to get through their gossip, and cried
out: ‘Sergent-at-Arms, arrest the disorderly
members. Send for a messenger to assist you,
and arrest them.” The Sergent-at-Arms
raised his disengaged aim to

THE GIGANTIC MACE

upon his shoulder as though he felt like
wielding it as a war-club for the clearing of
the passage, and the Deputy Sergent-at-Arms,
aided hy the esc excited members, opened a
passage for the Speaker. About a dozen fol-
lowed him to the Senate, and the rest gathered
around Smith and Rochester, who, with
their noses almost rubbing together, were
crying “Liar,” “Coward,” ‘Murderer,” and
other equally emphatic words indication of
esteem and respect, and the members strug-
gled into the “Vice-Regal” presence, and
talked excitedly about the row while His Ex-
‘cellency was reading his Speech and assenting
to bills. If such a scene had occured with
a full House there would have been a big
time, but there were not quite enough present
The Minis-
teraltists outnumbered the Opposition two to
one, but there were some powerful fellows
among the latter who could have cleaned
them out in a twinkling if it had come to
blows. So they tell me, and their muscu-
lar development looks like it.

to raise a first-class whirlwind.

Not a man if
all his friends went to Smith’s rescue, or sup-
ported his statements, or questicned the ac-
curacy of the descriptive epithets which Sir
John, Tupper and Rochester applied to him.
Joun Smit.
nl
3 A WARNING.

 

ST. JOHN, May 15, 1878.
SiR,—I think that young man who boards
on City Road had better be careful about his
conduct when he is in company with young
ladies, or he will get himself into trouble yet ;

hd .
for no man can be such a scamp as he is and |

not be found out some time. ‘To look at him
one would think that butter weuld not melt in
his mouth, but he is a man who cannot look
one straight in the face. I call him a dirty,
mean, low, contemptaple scamp. . Any man
who would disgrace himself by his filthy lan_
guage and beastly actions to a respectable
young girl, as he did, ought to be tarred and
feathered. YORK POINT,

 

Poetical justice may be one of the
eternal verities, and the mills of God
may grind with the deliberate certitude
of an elephant marching on a peri-
winkle, but where are the red-hot
pitch and the boiling oil for the seven
times damnable villain who invented
the word “cablegram?’ Does Nemesis
slumber?—[ Puck,

r

 

———

NEWCASTLE,

GRAND FINALE!

The Editors of the “Dip”
Threatened.

The Banker and Merchant Jim
put their pasteboards together
to take into consideration the
advisability of whacking “Billy”
West” and “Spruce Gum.”

THE SINNER RETURNS HOME.

The Banker and his Factotum Fight,

NEWCASTLE, May I 3, 1878.

DEAR Sirs,—If you have any regard for
your personal health, or any near relations
who would be likely to mourn over your ear-
ly demise, keep clear of Newcastle, as our
friend thevBanker (being a mere boy— “nine-
teen, mum,”) and his admirer, Merchant Jim,
have vowed eternal vengeance against your
p:ecious selves. They had a long conyversa-
tion last Saturday on the advisability of way-
laying your correspondent and giving him a
beating ; but alas for the plans of mice and
incumberances (it would not do to call them

men), when such sparks try to hold a confer-

ence. As they could not settle upon the same
individual, the noble pair separated thorough-

ly disgusted with the planning proclivities of
eachother, , But to the ppinf. Great rejoic-

ings among the relatives of the half-tamed

cubr as he has retarnéd to the right path and

gone back to the religion of his forefathers.

They now sing that good old hymn, ‘Sinners

Returning Home.” But can_you blame him
when he said :

“Come walk with me now
By the light of the moon,

For I'm as sly as a fox
And as cute as a coon.”

She replied :
‘No, no, sighs the maiden,
As she gave him the slip:

I'm ashamed of you now,
And afraid of the Dre.

?

The banker became frantic, and accidental-

ly meeting his faictotum Sam, abused him for
telliig about helping the lady fair to the sad-
dle. Sam denied it. Words waxed warm,
and our friend retired to his bed. Next
morning the pillow was wet with tears.
has the sympathies of the whole community.
From a laughirg, rollicking, rolling cub, he
has dwindled down to a half-starved cub.

I Yours, &¢c., BILLY WEST THE Fox.

ara Re

Tom Idison, the great American in-
ventor, has invented a machine that
will pull the ““squack ” out of an En-
glish sparrow. A grateful people will
build him a monument for this.--
(Hawkeye.

Tee ProxoerarH.—What conse-
quences flow from this? It gives com-
merce advantages. It may save ships
and lives. It would abolish the
trumpet, fog-horn, and steam whistle.
Already the machine is been tested,
whereby the engineer on the locomoitve
may announce to the train of passen-
gers the coming station What advan-
tages would accrue to the pulpit and
choir of the church? All the minister
would have to do would be on Saturday
night to speak his sermon against the
diaphragm of a telephone. The choir
might sing their hymns after the same
method. Sunday morning the cylin-
der is brougt in, and by a reversed
revolution the service goes on. No
other physical power would be neces-
sary than the dog power that is har-
nessed to a churn,

He.
