»

* But in spite of the smiling serenity of the face

~ working it and thinking it would be the better

“heard, and it was really alarming to observe

~ McDonald was around with a tamborine, and
looked prepared to whack it on his head foot

    

_—

Five Minutes at the Police Court. leiden; each striving to get ahead but with- | come across for some time. On Saturday

Monday morning came up bright and smil-
ing ‘like a dog with a basket of chips.” The sky
was cloudless, the sun™~was spreading warmth
and heat around, and a few stray birds wers
singing and chirping in the old grave yard.

of Nature, a dark cloud was hanging over the
Police Court, and threatened it with annihila-
tion.

Monday morning before last witnessed the
departure of the harmonium and the parting
and pathetic strains of Sergent Owens thereon,
and if it had been a critical and trying time,
last Monday was even more trying. The
cause was this—Each member of the force felt
that something must be done, in the absence
of the harmonium, to support and keep up the
dignity of the Court, each had kept his own
counsel and came provided with an instru-
ment ; so the result was that when they had
all gathered in the Court Room, instead of
there being but one instrument as each had
fondly imagined, there was a full and pro-
ficient orchestra ready and willing to support
the dignity of the Court with the loudest and
most discordant of music.

Briggs was the first one there, and as he had
in a moment of forgetfulness, put his jewsharp
in a pocket in the tail of his coat, and broken
it in half a dozen pieces when he sat down, he
had instead borrowed a large trombone, and
sat looking at it and wondering if ke had wind
enough to blow it and length and strength of
arm sufficient to work it. He was sitting

for some oil, when policeman Evans entered,
and if he was astonished at seeing Briggs with
a trombone, Briggs was perhaps more sur-
prised when he produced from under his coat
the asthmatic concertina which had figured on
another occasion. Each explained, and they
immediately struck up the “Little Brown Jug”
in a manner that was highly creditable,

although the concertina could scarcely be

Briggs working the trombone. The last
strains cof the “Little Brown jug” had hardly
died away, before the cther members of the
force crowded in, each armed with a musical
instrument of some sort, and were surprised at
first, but eventually understood how a number
of great minds sometimes run in the same
channel. Tracy was armed with a fiddle
that, judging from appearances, Shem, Ham
and Japhet might have danced to in the ark;
policeman Ring was armed with a borrowed
fish horn ; policeman Watson had a mouth
organ ; McHarg had a flute, but was dubious
as to how to play it; Sullivan had a barjo
and was strumming away; and policeman

and knee and throw himselfaround in the most
approved negro minstrel fashion ; but police-
man Gibson capped all by appearing on the
scene with a tremendous bass drum,—indeed,
it was so large that they couldn’t get in either
at the door or any of the windows, so Gibson
had to take up a seat on the steps and pound
away.

They had all got their instruments in tune |
and were about striking up the “Mulligan
Guards,” when some one remembered that
they had no musical director. Briggs was
proposed, but he respectfully declined, as he
found that he had quite enough to do working
the trombone, eventually Tracy consented, and.
flourishing the bow of his fiddle they started
off with a grand crash that nearly burst the
roof off, and made the windows rattle, whileGib-
son, alone and disconsolate on the steps, pound
ed away at the drum as if his life depended on
the force of his blows. He pounded and
Briggs blew ; they drowned the sound of all
the other instruments and had it all to them-
selves. The contest was now between the
two instruments, and it was a tough and noisy
contest, Briggs blew, Gibson pounded ; the
trombone roared screemed; boom! boom !
bump | went the drum. The harder Gibson
pounded, the harder Briggs blew, and wiee
versa, Now the boom of the drum was alone
heard—DBriggs was taking a breath ; then the
notes of the trombone would sound above all |
and shriek forth defiance—Gibson was spit-
ting on his hands; then again would come
a Inll—the one was taking a breath, the other
spitting on his hands, and then off they'd go

< “eo

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
    
  
  

out success..

x

Thus they went on for some- last you imbibed a large quantity of mighty

time, and at last it became apparent to the | poor liquor, but very good chain lightning,

other members of the force that something
must give for the strain was to great to be kept
up for any length of time. Briggs would
either bust himself or Gibson would smash the
drum ; and in anxiOus expectancy of either of
these catastrophies the other policeman stop-
ped playing, and suddenly, with a report like
thunder, the drum burst into flinders, broke a
lot of windows, made a large number of
peaceable and timid people think that Fenians
were bombarding the town, and threw Gibson
over into the Square, and slung him across
one of the few remaining chains. Briggs now
felt safe, and after sounding a note of triumph
he tucked the trombone under his aim and
left very much out of breath, while a number
of others went out and lifted the limp form of
Gibson off the chain.

When his Honor entered he wanted to
know who had been exploding Whitehead
torpedoes, for he had viewed the scattered
fragments of the drum and the broken glass,
and had heard the report from afar off, but as
none gave an answer, he hung his hat and
coat up, and opened Court by calling out
the name of

SIMON GILSON,

He was a “ram” looking customer, and
both his nose and his hair were red.

“Mr. Gilson,” said his Honor, ‘I want to
get at the bottom of the trouble between you
and your neighbor Mr. Smith, who gave you
in charge for being drunk and assaulting him.
What have you got to say ?”

“It’s Smith’s fault, your Honor. I have a
garden, and Smith’s hens and dog get through
the fence and scratch things up, and I wouldn’t
like to say but what, in the fall, Smith him-
self gets over the fence and picks out the best
cabbage-heads. Saturday evening—”

“You were pretty full,” put in his Honor.

“Pll admit I'd a little in,” said Simon.
“Well, Saturday evening Smith’s hens got in
and were scratching up a lot of radishes I'd
planted, and I just ‘shoo’d’ them out, when
Smith called out from'the other side of the
fence, ‘Jest leave them hens alone, you red-
headen old sinner,” and then I told him to
plug up his phonograph, or he'd catch cold in
his teeth. Then he threw a brick over, and I
heaved it back, and it went through a kitchen
window ; then he heaved another and broke
a hot-bed frame, and of course I heaved it
back again, ahd then his wife came out and
shouted out to me to stop my ‘clodding and

firing of bricks,” and then Smith called me a |

‘darned old snoozer,” and began to get over
the fence——" "

“But he didn’t get over Simon, neither did
he get back, for his wife grabbed him by the
coat tails, and you caught him by the hands,
and she pulled and you pulled and very nearly
sawed the fence through with him, and if his
coat tails hadn’t broken itis probable you
would have. But they broke and he dropped
on you like a thousand of brick and flattened
you out ; and then you engaged in a free fight
and done more damage to the garden in fifteen
minutes than the hens would in a year, Smith
dragged you through a hot bed frame, and you
retaliated by catching him by the heels, and
ploughing up a row of newly planted potatoes
with him. Then you scratched and bit until
you were separated by a neighbor, and then
Smith sent for a policeman and you were
arrested and here yon are,

“Now, Simon, I don’t feel much like send-
ing you up, for its my opinion that you're
both to blame ; so just clear out and don’t let
me see you here again.”

And he “folded his tent like the Arabs and
silently fled away,” and policeman Tracy
struck up the following ditty :

‘His nose i8 red and his eyes are blue,
And he fought with his neighbor Smith 5

They fought and scratched with much ado.
Till they’d nothing left to fight with.»

THOMAS CAREW

came next, He was tall, thin and lantern-
jawed ; one eye looked up at the ceiling and
the other down at the floor. His was a case
of pure unadulterated drunk, though perhaps
he couldn’t say as much for the liquor he had
drank, for St. John liquor as a rule is not
pure and unadulterated. gs
“Thomas,” said his Ionor, “‘yowr’s is about
the most aggravated case of drunk I have

and it lifted you to the seventh heaven of de-
light and then let you down whack on the
sidewalk and split your pants. Then you
waltzed in to clean out a bar-room, and the
bar-keepex pitched you clean out the window
and knocked a policeman down ; then you
fastened on the policeman and bit him on the
ear, and tried to jam him into an empty flour
barrel ; but eventually they run you in. Got
anything to say?” .

“Yes, your Honor, I wasn’t drunk—T was
inspired—I'm always taken that way in the
spring, so. you might excuse me.” *

“You get inspired, Thomas, well, so do I—-
I feel inspired now, and Ill sing you a little
song.:

“They have a big crusher right here in the city—

They use it to mash up the largest of stones ;—
And they're short of hands, and I think tis a pity

That a big man like you should have such lazy
bones,

And the best way perhaps to mend your bad ways
Is to work you on the crusher for sixty good days.’

—————rer Pr ——
Honest and Dishonest Profamity.

Some one in the crowd took occasion
to mildly rebuke old Ben Wade for his
profanity. He turned on his self-con-
stituted moral instructor and asked :

“Don’t you swear sometimes ¥”

PANIES Re

“Don’t you say ‘darn it, or ‘con-
demn it, sometimes in your heats of
passion ’

“Yes, I may say that sometimes.
But that ain't swearing.”

¥Yeeg, itis,” said "Ben, .*“if is the
meanest kind of swearing. It's mean
because«it's cowardly and dishonest. I
have studied this subject a good deal,
and my observation goes to show that
a man that a man that will say ‘darn it’
when he means ‘damn it’ is not fit to
be trusted. Give me the man whose
oaths come welling up from the bottom
of his soul, full, round and distinet—
who says what he thinks and don’t try
to beat the devil round thé stump—
that man is an honest man every time.
But the base cowards who try to de-
ceive their Maker by their ‘darn its’
and their ‘durn its’—hell is full of such
fellows.”

It may be borne in mind that he il-
lustrated his point as he went along
with “full, round and distinct oaths,”
which “came welling from the bottom
of his soul.”—[Detroit News.

THE YOUNG KIEIR.

She had invited him to stop for sup-
per and he was trying to appear easy
and unconcerned, while she was on
her prettiest behavior.

“Have you used the sugar, John?”
inquired the mother, in a winning man-
ner.

“John don’t want no sugar,” ejacu-
lated the young heir.

“Why not? inquired the father,
curiously, while John, in his surfrise,
swallowed a bit of toasted crust, and
nearly cut‘his throat open.

“Cos he don’t,” explained the heir,
in an artful manner. “I heard him
tell Mary last night—"

“You keep still,” interrupted Mary,
in a hysterical manner, while the young
man caught his breath in dismay.

“I heard him say,” persisted the heir
with dreadful eagerness, “that she was
so sweet le shouldnt never use no
more sugar any more—an’ then he
kissed her, an’ I said I'd tell, an’—"

The young heir was lifted out of the
room by his ear, and the supper was
finished in moody silence.—[ Pittsburg
Gazette.

 

Grub hoe—ecall for dinner.—[Keo-
kuk Constitutioh,

" “Money,” says the Boone Democrat
“is the missing link between our sub-
seribers and the editor,

-

There is a Cannard House in Cleve-
land. Now look out for jokes.—[New
York Commercial Advertiser.

Oklahoma, the name of the proposed
new Territory, will be written O, K.
for short—New York Commercial.

~ -

" PENNY DIP” SNUFFINGS, ~

Butter, like the helpmate of Cesar,
should be above suspicion.—[Detroit
Free Press.

Can a man fly? asks the New York

Express. Ask some bank cashier in
Ganada.[—DBosten Post.

Tilton and his wife didn’t come
together after all. It was Tilton and
Beacher that collided.—[Hawkeye.

“Charles” ask: “How do medical

students get their skeletons?” They

DANS B =
bone em,  Charles.—[ Norristown
Herald.

m

The lunch counters in New York

and Philadelphia look lonesome since:

Bayard® Taylor

sailed.—[ Burlington
Hawkeye.

In Arizona there are four men to
one woman, and a church sociable

looks, like the last street car from the
beer garden.

Bessie Turner has gone on to the
stage, and the prompter has had to hire
an extra man to keep her awake during
her part.—[Hawkeye.

A Washington" correspendent says
that Vice-President Wheeler never
smiles. Perhaps no one ever askyg
him to.—[Free Press.

One half of the bees in San Monica,
Cal., were lost last year, says an ex-
change. Hbpe it was the tail half, re-
marks the Chicago Times.

It is announced that England will
defend the cause of Greece, probably

out of respect to the memory of Lord

Bacon.—[ Detroit Free Press.

No wonder a ship is called “she”
She has shifts, stays, an apron, hooks
and eyes, pins, caps and ribbons, hoods,
poppets, and & husband.—[ Fun.

B

Brigham Yeung probably left over a
million dollars behind him. That
means ninety cents on the dollar for

the lawyers and ten cents for the heirs.

Old Deacon Dobson always boasted
that he was “prepared for the worst,”
and his neighbors thought he got it

when he married his second wife, —-

[Ex.

The man who leaves two-thirds of
a cigar in a dark nook on the front
stoop when he goes to see his girl will
make a thrifty husband.—[N. VY.
Herald.

Ten millions of hair pins are manu-
factured in this country annually, and
yet they are not sufficient to prevent a
hair from getting in the butter now and
then.—[ Norristown Herald.

A correspondent who says he lag
frequently heard of “Tara’s hauls” de-
sires to know if old Tara was a bank
president or a Fall River mill manager.
—|[ Boston Commercial Bulletin.

One of the hardest things in life,
after tacking down a carpet, is to con-
vince a man one hundred and fifty
years old that he has somehow made a
mistake and put twenty-five years too
many on his head.—[ Free Press

- Widow Doubleton, having read
that “parlor matches” are extremely
dangerous, has ordered her daughter
to take her beau into the kitchen and
do their courting there hereafter.
[Norristown Herald. .

Look not upon the ice-cooler when
it sweateth, nor drink thou of ice
water when it waxeth frigid ; for unto
him that partaketh shall be given sor-
row to knaw upon his vitals and the
pain which preyeth upon the pit of his
stomach.—[ St. Louis Journal.

They had Prof, Watson, the Michi-
gan asteroid catcher, on the stand be-
fore the Insurance Committee of the
Ohio Legislature, the other day, and
when they got the old gentleman waked
up he flung logariths around there un-
til the committee thought that the
binding had slipped off a volume of the
higher mathematics.—[Toledo Com-
mercial, ro
