   

Viol “No. 4

St. John, N. B,) January 19, 1878,

CORREA

 

 

 

DELEGATION,

 

Expensive Traveling

 

No doubt many of our citizens felt
proud when they saw three such fine
looking men as Aldermen Maher, Fer-
guson and Kerr set out on their trip to
obtain information regarding what kind
of a building would be most suitable
for a slaughter-house. The people
gazed in admiration on their beautiful
forms as they entered the door of a
palace car and kindly waved an adieu
to their loving constituents. ven
when they returned the confidence of
the people was in no way shaken, and
the aldermen have been strutting the
streets as of old. Bub imagine the
surprise of the people of the “burnt
city ? when, on Tuesday list, a bill for,

$708 was presented at the meeting of |

the Municipal Council to defray the
expenses of these enterprising alder-
men who, no doubt, were anxious to
uphold the honor of the city  gotwith-

tr tandine the fact that two- thirds of it
"Thad bee TFT TT TRIS ered :

prised to think that Ald. Maher would
have allowed $236 to be expended on
traveling expenses for him. It was
this alderman who was so anxious to
kéep down expenses that he actually
asked for a count at a meeting of the
Commen Council in order, as he said,

* 1p let it be known years hence who voted
“away the public money. T he question

before the beard at that time was a city
improvement which in years to come
the citizens of St. John will be proud
“of. We should have expected better
things of Mr. Maher. Of the other
two, especially Ald. Kerr, his expen-
sive habits of traveling, particularly
when the city pays tho bill, are too
well known to require any comment.

 

A country school teacher says he nev-
ei felt unequal to any demand in the
line of his profession, except one occa-
sion, when a farmer brought his hounc-
ing fifteen-year-old daughter to the
school, and walking up fo the master’s
desk, said, That's my youngest gal,
and if ever you ketch her a-slidin dg at
hill with the boys, I jest want x
trounce her.”

As it is a wins the rules of most medical
colleges to Gry their graduates to advertise,
physicians have to resort to many ways in
order to obtain practice. Sometimes we have
‘heard they have paid roughs to get up a fight
in front of their offices, i in which one of the
combatants should receive a slight cut or stab,
and consequently have to get his wound
«dressed. And numerous other experiments
equally hazardous to life and limb have besn
resorted to. Among the latest devices is that
used fby our estimable Mayor who has
managed by some means to get a hole in the
dpi opposite his residence of sufficient
capacity to take in the foot and leg of an or-
dinary man. Any pedestrian who might be
Seria | in that locality on a dark night might
perchance stumble in and breaks his Je , which
Wi You probably Proys BY = ¢fit to His Wor-
hip,

 

Price 2 Cts.

 

 

BT, he 0 well- |
FREDERICTON. = 3 3 nd on =

 

: | character which time nor circumstances can

1
A Letter to the Rate-payerss er, ‘hope to eflac THis golden io reat 0
8 emai ment will EE 5 into thin air, as his
jo © [prope sed “run” as a member for Ottawa did
' be Ed Does he remember saying he would

24 we _ngain accept the Mayoralty, because
Some allegations concerning fas not enough incidental picking there?
the iayor.

though he come on the hustings with
and display, he must feel that hi

“

   
  

e there is an indignity, nay, an insul
community he represt nts ; “and that

ET er US ETE oy

“PENNY DIP" GLIMMERS,

—

Since Moncton kas supported a daily paper

burglary has increased, Such is lif

life.
The Portiand policemen now indulge in the
somewhat difficult task of handcuffine one

armed men.

Two gentlemen skated from Fredericton to
Rethesay the ‘oflier day, and the Zorck calls it
a great skating feet, Some greater vol
feet may be observed on any band night z
the Rink,

Coun. Flaglor, who has grown portly in the

T@A SRORTION, OF
PAYERS OF FREDERICTON :

GENTLEMEN—

Is it not a shame and a disgrace to you Aon
the community, that you should allow such a | lor
man as George F. Gregory to represent your
Such a man to offer himself (of §

suffrages ?

to alle money Srl an oh left ATokE | in
the world, and because she had no writing or
legal proof to substantiate her statements)
Ts he & ever receiv ed a ran

him for writings,
OUT CP ERT CU TTL nai fied 2s
his business when he would come, and with
the most subtle pleading, like the devil
seducing Eve, induce me to give him my
money, refusing cn my urgent request to give
me writings or any clue by which I might
recover it. © Let him, if he dare, deny this fact ! |
$80? He would have denied about these, too,
but he knew that I had proof—ample testi-
mony to convict him. = I made no hidden
mystery of these facts, yet he never made an
effort at clearing up lis character. Was not
there law, to which he could have appealed ? i
and was not the press ready to receive af
well-grounded refutations of my statements? |
And did not scciety demand this of him? Did
not his own character, his professed ability,
boldness, and professional standing, all demarid
him to come forward and before the public
clear up his character. Has he done $0 ? Ng
like Cain, a brand is on him which he will
bear to his gave.
There are possibly many rate-payers who
will not credit my statements, those who think
as I once thought, that he could not do such
wrengs. 1 confided in him with a whole bgart,
even though I was warned to beware offi.
I preserved his good name against the attacks
of those whom I thought his traducers, betause
wii the most wily machinations he had. giined
my confidence. What faith can the comnyanity
have in a man who would draw out 4 will
making himself the sole executor, ot two
respectable men to sign it, and then tell me to
copy it or it would not be legal, at oy same
time admonishing me not to let the witnesses
read it? I then, feeling that all wo 3
right, asked if I would not show ios ‘dl to
some intelligent person, when the sharp re-
sponse, ‘‘Can you not keep your own copnsel 2”
altered my purpose. I naturally enough
enquired of him “why was it at all necessary to
have a will drawn up?” and being told that
should I die my effects would go to f crown,
I thought the measure a proper one, 1% lis next
turn of diplomacy was to get my lifit insured
+ for $5000,00, in the hope of ultimaigly getting | i

ot be

 

3

 

While a member (of the, :
ik Eu i

 
   
   
 
  
   
   
 

THE SUFFERER,

 

 

 

| &enin,

  
    

Wor

It is a large bell, weighing 4, ro3 lbs.,
ars the follogving inscription :

The  Mencely Bell Foundery, West Troy,
receipts of the sums Reeve; when 1 asked |

RL Ney. Avity = Sons, S te Jo: INE

City Fire Alarm Bell.
T8475
Meneely & Co, may know how to cast a
bell, but they can’t spell foundry worth a

cent,

; : 5 ; 4. It is astonishing to see the Consolidated
Where is the gold chain and seal which cost

Statutes of 1877 declaring that application
shall be made to the Court of Chancery. We
regret that the Commissioners appointed to
revise and consolidate the Statutes did not ap-
ply to us, or some other authority on the
{ subject, who would have informed them that
that Court was abolished in 1854 and has not
been re-established, and thus saved themselve

i rom the ridicule of their professional bre thren

DOWN IN

 

THE COAL DUST.

Digeing a “Dusky Diamond’ =--=Jfow a
Bramp Lost a Warn Bed-~-IPolice
Odicers as Mines.

Officers Donnelly and Rankin of Station 2,
became
aware that some one had removed the trap

at about midnight Saturday night,

door leading to the engine roo: in the base-
ment of the old church in Spring Lane, cccu-
With a
lantern, the officers entered the engine rcom,
and found traces of a visitor in the vicinity of
the boiler. With the aid of a ladder they
climbed to the top of the boiler, where they

pied by a number of printing offices,

found that somebody had been toasting on a
gridiron. They still pursued their. search,
crawling through holes and labyrinths where
it was possible for a person to conceal him-
self. They finally traced their man to a nar-
row hole, from which they unearthed him en-
veloped in coal dust. He proved to be one
John Devine, alias Driscoll, who had entered
the place to sleep. It appears that Devine,
upon hearing the officers enter, rolled off the
top of the boiler where he was found,
and the fortitude he afterwards exhibited in
keeping quiet in the cloud of dust, which was

enough to choke any ordinary man, was
remarkable. He was as black as a crow af-

ter getting out of the place, as were also the
officers, and it was with difficulty that Lieut,
Bates recognized the latter when they
to the station. —[Boston Herald,

returned

$ ahd he De elected, his position can never
i @erithe deep stain which tarnishes his name
: ba Ids him up as an object of contempt
and om,

RAL i was thrown among the mem-
Weisiof the Portland Town Council, the other
, when Coun. Duff asked why the Zon
en were sent away on county business,
ich the town received no benefit, substi-
tes for the men not being appointed in such
Fscs. lt has been going on only about four

#75 - alarm bell to be hung in the Police
$id tower is to be seen on King street

service of the people of St. John, has at last
been shelved, and his shapely form will no
longer be seen in the council chamber as rep-
resentitive of the people.

What was former] y Z%e New Dominion and
Ze Humorist, has been changed in form and
the latter part of the title dropped. In poli-
tics the New Dominion is in opposition to the
present Dominion government.

There is nothing spoils the effect of obituary
poetry so much as the notice usually appended
—¢“ other papers please’ copy.”
doubt as to whether the poet is

It raises a
anxious to
spread his own merits or those of the deceased,

If some of the reporters of the daily papers
exerted themselves a little more they cculd un-
deubtedly move a whole block of buildings
from one side of the city to the other with

NY one grand swocp of the pen without any
bo M: nufactured Meneelv, ~~ Bint jaa <a wifatever from the w ind,
rave 3 Rs = The}

AT Lay “aan

hm) WIRR Dl and _gnssipers are
now explaining how a 2 young man and a young
lady walked twesnty miles and failed to settle
the wedding day. This is certainly a bad state
of aflnirs, but it hardly equals the excitement in
Kingston over another affair of the heart
®

  
 

Mary Clemmer has been making a fuss in
the Doston and Washington papers, about the
indecency cf actresses and singers in exposing
their perscus. The Dramatic News says that if
she had been a young person with anything to
display, she would never have raised this dis-
cussion,

Hines Teg Patuct says that “Fon. Dip is
apt to spread more heat than light in a com-
munity. Heat is quite as necessary to exist-
ence as light, Oh! by the way, speaking of
“slashing and personal” articles, what about
The “Degenerate ‘ Presbyterian’,” «that low
and scurrilous sheet”?

Trott WILL OUT.—The other day in a
trial at the Circuit Court, one of our leading
counsels, who is rather inclined to bullying
witnesses in cross-examination, was carrying
this thing to quite a height with a. St. Martin’s
At last he said; Mr.
0, you just now told me so-and-so” —

ship-builder. So-and-
cel
eaWellea
The
“I hardly know what I
said 3 you go cn talking in such a way tha

didn’t !'” was the indignant reply.

asked: Mr. Pj
witness answered :

“what did you say?”

half the time I don’t know what you say, and
consequently I don’t know what I saying
myself.”

The Zorch's fashion department says that

the newest design in American fringes is named
after the Brooklyn Bridge, and (vide fashion -
book) “prettily represents the latter in its
present stage of appearance, with suspended
cables and connected ties.” Could we not,
says the Zvsc/k, devise something as uniquet
and at the same time far-fetched? Certainly.
Could not some of our dry goods or millinery
people get up fringes to represent strings of
Dean’s or Hopkins’ sausages, or a design to
keep in mind those awful posts and chains
which partially surround King Square? A
fringe of either of theie designs would, we think*

be sufficiently unique and far-fatehed to satis sy
even the 7ercl,
