%
5

 

(~——mhen fair Pussy, looking upward ~~

“in his interesting work entitled : “‘Aca-

 

 

 

MAUD MULLER BURLESQUED.
[Cincinnati Commercial.]

Maud Muller worked at raking hay.

And cleared her forty cents a day.

Her clothes were coarse, but her health was fine
And so she worked in the sweet sunshine.

Singing as glad as a bird in May

‘ Barbary Allen » the livelong day.

She often glanced at the far-off town,
And wondered if eggs were up or down.

And the sweet song died of a strange disease,
Licaving a phantom-taste of cheese,

And an appetite and a nameless ache
For soda water and a ginger cake.

The Judge rode slowly into view—
Stopped his horse in the shade and throw

His fine-cut out, while the blushing Maud
Marvelled much at the kind he ‘‘ chawed.”

Ho was dy as a fish,” he said with a wink,
‘And kind-o’-thought that a good square drink

Would brace him up.” So the cup was filled

With the crystal wine that the old spring spilled;
And she gave it him with a sun-browned hand.
“Thanks, said the Judge, in accents bland;

“A thousands thanks! for a sweoter draught
‘From a fairer hand *’—but there hie laughed.

And the sweet girl stood in the sun that day,
And raked the Judge instead of the hay.

 

FLIRTATION MUSINGS.

 

A erowded room : enchanting beauty,
In the waltz, glides here and there,

To strains of sweet, delicious music,
Floating softly on the air.

Small hands held in firmer. grasp ;
Pulses beating; light feet flying;

Melting glances, softly given; |
Music swelling, fading, dying.

. Thus we dance; and then fair Pussy,
Leaning lightly on my arm, {
Says, ‘“ Oh; dear! Let us stop dancing,
For—Oh, dvs: i—it’s awiul warm?

Then we leave the dancing throng,
And go out into the night,

To a quiet, shady corner,
Where we are quite hid from sight,

There we sitand talk sweet nonsense,
Till I feel my heart grow. bolder ;

Then I steal my arm ‘round Pussy,
With her brown head on my shoulder.

# * ® BE oN * * *

Once again we join the dancers,
And I notice smiles and alancing

Given me (but why I know not)
By tiie revellers near us dancing,

 
    
  
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  

To answer SOMO ITrs% dmc anil,
Takes in at onco the situation—
Drops her eyes—lier face grows red,

Outinto the night once more,
The music's strains still growing louder,
“How horrid!" Pussy says; “just look!
' Your shoulder 's white as snow with powder!"

ed, ete, eee.

A SETTLER FOR HMALIGONIANS.

 

‘While Messrs. Freeman and Phillips
wore engaged in surveying one of our
principal streets, a few days since, a
Halifax gentleman passing by, stopped
and said: “Gentlemen, what are you
doing 1’ Taying out tho street,” was
the reply. “Ah! that'sright. Judging
from appeatnnees itis quite dead enough
to be laid out.” Thatis a Haligonian’s
.opinion of Liverpool. And now for a
Yankee's opinion of Halifax. Cozzens,

‘lia, or a month with the Blue Noses,”
writes as follows —

«The City Hall of Halifax rises
proudly from its wharves and shipping
ur a multitude of mouse-colored wood-
en houses, until it is crowned by the
citadel As it is a garrison town, as
well ag 2 naval station, you meet in the
streets red-coats and Dblue-jackets with-
out number. he a Al
But oh! what a slow place it is!
Even two regiments with medals
and decorations could not wake it up.
The little 01d houses seem to look with
wondrous apathy as these pass by as
‘though they had given each other a
quiet nudge with their quaint old
gables, and whispered: Keep still !
I wandered up and down those old
‘streets in search of something pictur-
esque, but in vain, thare was scarcely
any thing remarkable to arrest -or in-
terest a ‘stranger. Such, too, might
‘have been the appearance of other
places I wot of, if those staunch old
Toyalists had had their way in the days
gone by !"—[ Liverpool, N, 8, Times,

 

 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

   

ROBBING AN ADIMIRAN.
An Ancient Mariger’s Adventure im
Wall Street.

Admiral Walker, says the New Yok}

World, tells the story of the robbery as
follows: He had just received $110!
that were owing to him, and lost me

time in going to deposit the sum, as he

did net care to take the money home.
Arrived at tho Seamon’s Savings Bank,
on Wall street, he went to a little desk
near the receiving cashier's desk, and,
taking out his deposit-book, counted
out eleven $100 bills from his pocket-
book, laid them in his deposit-book, and
was about to turn round and deposit
the money when he was tapped cn the
shoulder and a man, who appeared to
be a Hebrew or a Spaniard, pointed tec
the floor and said, politely, “I think
you have drooped something, sir.”
Admiral Walker, not suspecting a ruse,
left his depesit beok on the little desk,
and bending « forward, looked on the
floor, and a, little distance off saw what
appeared to be a greenback. He picked
up a piece of worthless paper and {urneg
to laugh at the polite stranger, hut he
was gone.
not until he picked it up that he dis-
covered that the $1100 was gone.

A CELESTIAL GYMNAST.

The Fr:n¥a of a Mod Chivoman in a
Virginia City Mine.

 

beam of a steam engine without losing
his head or his pig-tail. It was the
third night after Christmas, and In-
ginéer Golden of Virginia City, Nev.,
was cn duty in a section of the works
underground, where stood a huge
pumping engine and a big air com-
pressor. A door at the head of a flight
of stone steps had opened several times
and let in currents of cold air, which
had chilled his marrow, and each time
he had gone up stairs and latched the
door without discovering the intrude
Once more the door swung open, and!
he started up the steps with a curse on

   
 
   
  
   
   
 
   
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
    

Admiral Walker's deposit-|
book still lay on the desk, and 1t wag!

   
 

: : ~ ligoodness
A Chinaman can ride the walking- up.”

0 TT (NTT

PENNY DiP” SNUFFINGS,
Texas newspapers allude to Chicago
drummers as crosses betwoen clock
pedlers and lightning-rod men.

Nothing brightens the life of an edi-
“tor more than to be given tickets for a
lecture for advertising it.—[Oil
uty Call.

Bieta, — “I warn you that I'm
president of a bank in Chicago and too
important a person to be robbed with
impunity.”

One of our readers up town is a sort
of sub-scriber. He takes the paper
when the other man is not around.—
[Toronto Saturday Night.

In all but the upper classes of Russia
a husband may beat his wife.” There
is consequently no divorce suits among
coal heavers 2s in this country.

They've just held a convention of
undertakers in Orange County. Isn't
this convention business being run
info the ground. It's tomb much—
tomb much.—[ Catskill Recorder.
~ Hairy customer—¢ Shave me, cut
my hair, and make me generally good
tooking.” Barber—“I kin shave you,
sar, ‘n cut your hair ; but God A’mighty
couldn’t make you good lookin’, sar.”

S My dear,” said a husband in start-

1ling tones, after awaking his wife in
{the might, “I have swallowed a dose

of strychnine I” ¢ Well, then, do for

sake lie still, or 1t may come

Many clergymen do not yet know
where their winter overcoats are to
come from, but they feel a sweet and
solemn faith that they will get seven-
teen pairs of slippers each about Christ-
mas time.—[ Rome Sentinel.

In one of the towns of northern
Worcester, County, Mass., whenever

 

{the young. fellows wish to take their

lgirls to ride, the mothers of the girls
icharge ten cents for the privilege,
~vhich goes to help to pay the minister's
salary.

A prominent Springfield physician

 

— SEY Choa

Aan’

his lips, when suddenly he saw in front was so pleased with a point made by

of him the withered face of an aged one of the leading preachers in his sex’

Chinaman, in whose eyes blazed the men on Sunday, that he started a round
of _apimm madness, Engineer lot ap,

(rolden oh engine rodiw, Janta do WIRE Boise, and allowed bis te
and retreated around t

plause, but the congregation were]

N

le pumping ap-/ go it alone. 3
paratus. Scarcely had he taken refug
behind that huge piece of machinery]
when his midmght visitor appeared a
the foot of the stairway and glared d
him. Then the Chinaman started fo
climb straight across the engine towdld
his enemy. The engine was on tie
down stroke when he set out, and )e-
fore he could get across, the wallilg-
beam’ carried him up toward the ¢il-
ing. But he was at home on the sadlle,
and seemed to enjoy the motion. Had
he Deen two feet nearer the bisrop-
head, he would have heen crushal to
death at the first stroke of the pimp.
It chanced, however, that the position
he occupied was about the only-safe
one on the whole length of the peam.
As the beam sawed the air he saj com-
posedly astride of it, his long tailsway-
ing in the air like a pendulum The
engineer caught hold of the Chispman’s
legs, and attempted to drag hin from
his perilous position, but the fellow
drew a double-edged knife, witha blade
‘twelve inches in length, which he be-
gan whirling about his head.» Finally
the engineer got an iron rod, and with
the end of it tickled the Celestial gym-
nast in the ribs, making it so upleasant
for him that, after hacking the iron for
a time with his knife, he got off the
beam about as he had mounted,

gt

 

!

Scissors were invented several years
before literary coincidences.~—[St. Louis
Journal. And the paste-pot followed
as a necessity. Nal oY

A hen, nosing, or rather, billing
around, one morning for something to
wet its whistle with, found some wine
in a broken bottle and sipped it; and
immediately she started off on a waltz
crying ¢ Cut-cut-cut-cut, ¢ut-cuw-ba \”

[Cincinnati Saturday Night,

One of our citizens says there 1s

nothing really astonishing about the |

case of the lthode Island man who is
alive with two bullets in his head, for he

has a daughter whose head is full laf]

balls and parties all the time.—[Mon-
ague Lumberman.

The Norristown Herald man remarks
that the French invention to illumi-
nate the numbers on a street door af
night will prove of immense benefit to
those who are obliged to sit on the
doorstep until daylight, just because
the keyhole is lost.

«This little affair places him high
upon the roll as a most unmitigated,
external, internal and infernal ¢ cuss,” ”
said Deacon Brower, in a church mset-
ing in Trigg county, Kentucky. The
allusion was to the pastor, who had
turned his wife out of doors.

Tom Thumb never used to hang up
his stocking on Christmas Ive. He
would tie a string round the bottom of
cach pantaloon leg and hang them up;
and then he would growl next morning
because his little brother's stocking
held the most.—[ Norristown Herald.

Ar Zr Grave.—“Ah, Monsieur de
G-——," said a gentlemen to a French
friend the other day, ¢ Sorry to hear
you've lost your wife.”

«Oui, Sare,” replied the Frenchman;
“Ah, ze misfortune horreeble; my
poor vife.”

«T attended the funeral at the
church,” continued the gentlemen;
you seemed to be taking on terribly
about it, I noticed.”

« Zo church,” exclaimed the French-
man, excitedly. “Ze church!” A
my friend, zat was nossing. You
should have see me at ze grave, Zere,
I raise h—1"

Ab, |

ADA’S FORTUNE.

 

 

 

 

A Story of English Life.

{On the evening of the third of March,
at mine o'clock, it was raining cats and
dogs on Barnes’ commen. . A gentleman
who had been taking tea in a small
villa. of the neighborhood, had his um-
brella blown inside out as he emerged
into the road on his way home. The
voice of a sympathizing maid servant
called at him from the door-way, sug-
gesting that she should run and feteh a

cab; but he considerately answered that

if a cab were procurable he could find
it for himself—which was said, how-
ever, in a tone implying that a cab on
Barnes’ common at such an hour and
on such a night was a thing the stranger
did not expect to meet. He was, there-
fore as much surprised as delighted,
when, before stepping into the twelfth
puddle, he descricd an undoubted
growler jogging along, with horse and
driver both in a state of saturation. A
score of yards separated him from this
cheering sight; he hallooed, ran for-
ward, and had just ordered the man to
drive to St. James street, when a
buxom lady of fifty and a young
one, apparently her daughter, whe
were both struggling with their
umbrellas as he had just heen do-
doing, arrived panting on the scene,
and-exclaimed in dismay at finding this
solitary cab already engaged. As though
the disappointment were too much for
the elder lady’s fortitude, she lowered
her umbrella and allowed the rain to
shower as it listed en her dejected face
and the two sausage curls that flanked
it.

“Ob, dear, dear!” said she, wretch-
edly.

The stranger was not of an'age to
hear any lady sigh ‘Oh, dear, dear!”
unmoved. He was young and well
dressed. You could tell by his manner
that his anxiety to escape a soaking was
prompted by a sense of the physical
discomfort of rain rather than by any
| parsimonious regard for his ‘coat and
and boots. . Lifting his hat, he at once
amparted comfort to the mourners, and
stamped himself asa person of polite
breeding.

L (9Bk.y take the cab,” he said. “I
beg your leave to sit on th

Wo CUI dCI USS Om Intra sas

1 only
C- Until

   

mething,” and he assisted both ladies
to'step inte the vehicle before it could
gecur, to them to say yea or nay.

[He was not allowed to ride on the
box, however. The elderly lady natural-
ly insisted on his getting in with them.
They were geing to Fulham, said she,
which was not far. If he would de-
posit them at their deor, he could
pursue the rest of the way alone, and
like a person who is mot particular in
money matters, she added that she
would pay her share of the fare. By
this time, the cab having started, the
riot of its springs rendered speech in-
audible, but the matron, desirous of
proving her gratitude, screamed that she
was much obliged for what the stranger
had done, for she would have caught
her death of cold in that wetting. He
bawled back that he was most happy,
and so forth.

«Our name is Twilles,” proceeded
the old lady, yelling, “and I hope
yow'll come in for a moment to take a
lass of sherry or a cup of tea to warm
you up.”

“very day this entire winter,” he
shouted in answer, thinking she had
spoken of the long continued rains.

Mr. Twilles is a great smoker,” retorted
the old lady, still deeply intent upon
hospitality, till her daughter—whom
the occasional flashes of the roadside
gas lamp showed to be a pretty girl of
eighteen or so—nudged her mother
vith a smile, and whispered that she
and the gentleman were playing at
cross purposes. The invitation, then
renewed with louder vociferation, was
declined on the ground of a late ap-
pointment, and soon afterwards the cab
| stopped at a pretty detached house,

 

| with a garden in front. The old lady
honestly pemitted te her umkumowy

“And a cigar with it, if you like, for -

~~
