mather’s thanks, and apbeaged ta hs
, indeed,

BR BAN bole

 

follow passenger a two-shilling piece. [showing that she could talk on mst | where I sell Belgian lace, end Chuckle- Aylmer,
OD oO “ N

He helped her and her daughter to
alicht, and made them both a bow, and
there his adventure with them would
have ended, if, an hour later, on arriving
at Lis club, he had not found on the
cushion of the seat which the young
lady had occupied, a gold bracelet, with
the name of “Ada” engraved on it in
turquoise. by

The finder of this trinket was a young
and nearly ruined baronet, Sir Charles
Aylmer. A good locking fellow, too
Dblithe-tempered to reckon the cost of
pleasure or to sticklo about the com-
pany in which ho sought it. He left a
handsome fortune cn the turf without
losing his reputation with it. He pos-
gessed certain domestic proclivities
which had survived his acquired ten-
dency toward dissipation. Thus his
visit to Barnes had been for the purpose
of seeing an old nurse who had been
pensioned by his family, and with
whom he went to take tea once regular-
ly every quarter. Modest as these en-
tertainments were, he rather looked
forward to and enjoyed them, for nature
had made him, like other pigeens, to
live in a dove-cot, not in the company
of rooks. However, Charley Aylmer
rather shirked the idea of a visit to
Fulham to renew an acquaintance with
people who were evidently not of his
set, and it is probable that he would
have simply sent back the bracelet by
his servant, with a note if the follow-
ing day had not been Sunday—that is
of all days he found it most difficult to
spend. To tell the truth, he was also
a little curious to sco whether the girl
of eighteen was as pretty as she had
seemed to his indistinct scrutiny in the
cab.

He consequently went to Iulham,
arriving just as Mrs. Twilles and her
daughter were returning from church,
with highly gilt prayer-books in their
hands, and he was greeted like one who
was expected. Ada had missed her
bracelet, and was afraid she had drop-
ped it in the road, which distressed
her, for it was a keepsake. Blushing
slightly, the young lady echoed ler

A

   
  
 

baronet a very comely gop
quite gay and sensible, to$, with no
missish awkwardness, but sparkling
blue eyes that looked you softly in the
face and a complexion which the poets
wrote about before the days when pe-
rennial rains soaked the lands, Nir
Charles had just handed his card to the
maid servant when the ladies debouch-
ed around the corner of the road, and,
as soon as Mrs. Twilles had read the
name upon it, she evinced middle-class
appreciation of aristocratic prefixes by
coloring to the cheek-bones, and ear-
nestly entreated the barcnet to lun-
cheon. To have refused an invitation
so cordially tendered would have been
a aiscourteous act not in keeping with
Charley  Aylmer's character. He ae-
cepted without fuss. Miss Ada seemed
pleased, and the guest would have been
pieased also if good Mrs, Tiwilles had
not begun Sir ¢ Charlesing” him at
every phrase, and apologizing for a
number of things which called for no
apology, as for instance, the simplicity
of her bill of fare, the plainness of her
furniture, and the ‘absence of Mr.
Twilles, who had gome to spend the
day with a friend in Putney. = All this
did not prevent the luncheon from be-
ing an excellent two o'clock dinner of
joint and apple-pie, and ths baronet
missed the truant Mr. Twilles but lit-
tle. Desides Ada and her mother, the
family circle included three small cou-
sins—ome boy and two girls—who gig-
gled much and ate largely.

Who Mr, Twilles was did not tran-
spire during the banquat, nor did Avyl-
mer trouble himself upon the point,
seeing that Miss Ada’s accomplishments
would have fitied her to grace any social
circle, even the highest, He was fairly
captivated, and had not worldly wisdom
to conceal it. Though ths amusoments
of the day were restricted to conversa-
tion, the piano remained closed and the
garden untreadable by reason of tha
unusual dampness, Ada was drawn to |

 

subjects, cleverly, without forwardnetls,
and that she possessed sensibility
out affectation—rare gifts. She was/in
fact quite a pearl of price, this wyn-
some daughter of Mr. Twilles ; so tlt,
before Sir Charles took his leave, le
bad made his plans for keeping up an
acquaintanceship which promised him
some agreeable hours in summer, when
riverside Fulham is a pleasant district
to visit in a steam-launch, whether to
lunch on sloping garden lawns, full of
the scent of roses end pinks, Mus,
Twilles invited her guest to dinner on
the follewing Thursday ; he on his side
invited a friend who was in the habit
of giving him boxes for the play (Ada
had mentioned sho delighted in thea-
tres), and begged permission to send
a box promised him for the Gaiety on
Tuesday.

When a man of thirty has never
been seriously in love, the first aflack
of the tender passion is likely to Ye a
very sudden and severe. one. - Sir
Charles Aylmer had no idea thet he
was in love with Ada, but he thou of
her all that night and thé folluwing
day, and grew dismal lest she slould
learn that he had frittered away his
mensy on horses’ legs and should fhink
meanly of him for his folly.

On the Tuesday he went intp the
city on business with his stockbiker,
and having torn off his gloves in a/ight-
ing from his hansom, turned into a
shop near the exchange to buy 4 new
pair. His amazement may be copceiv-
ed, when behind the counter It saw
Ada and her mother quietly selling
shirt collars to a brace of merdiant’s
clerks. Over the glass behind them
were the abominable, ¢ Twilles, Hbsier,”
in staring gilt letters. |

Mrs. T'willes turned scarlet Ada
grew pink, and looked sorry tlt Sir
Charles should appear so stupeficl He
recovered himself, however, lougled at
the unexpected meeting, boughtp pair
of gloves, and reminded Ada tat he
hoped to meet her at the Gaigy that
evening (the box had been cia i Ful:
ham over night), walked ouf more

foolish than he had ever felt i. seeing
hanlmalze—puttoll their | nocdlots over

thousands of his money. He ad not
gone a dozen steps down Cornhil before
he heard a breathless voice behiid him,
crying:

“li!” and he was accosted by a
plump little man with pepper an} salt
whiskers and shiny blue eyes, who,
thrusting a cool dry hand in his said :
“Sir Charles, I am Mr. Twilles, axd de-
lighted to see you. You dined & my
house on Sunday, and I am sorry that
I wasn’t there. What do you sayto a
chop in the restaurant across the vay?
Come along, I want to have some talk
with you.”

Mr. Twilles strode rather than valk-
ed. His hands fidgetted with a tiek
gold watch-guard, as if hs wert in
tantrums about the time, and he dated
across the road among the omnibises
and cabs as though he much prefewed
the risk of being knocked down :nd
run over to that of losing an instent.
Aylmer followed him, bewildered, sd
wondering whither this would tend.
Expostulations were of no use, for the
nimble hosier had preceded him. He
darted up the stairs, caught up tif
menoo, as he called it, ordered luncheon
which proved his cognizance of the
science of eating, and including “a
bottle of hock, well iced ; then, as soon
as his halt-reluctant guest was seated,
patted him patronizingly on the cuff)
and said : !

“ Now, Sir Charles, just listen ; da
you think my daughter Ada is selling
gloves in that shop because she couldn’

atford to ride in her carriage with the

best of ’em? Tet me tell you, Ade will
have ten thousand a year the day she
marries.”

“I am very glad to hear it—for her
sake,” rejoined the baronet, with well-
hred composure. : :

“My name «is Twilles in Cornhill,”
resumed the hosler, byttering a slice of
his roll, and eating it to make the time
pass; “but I am Riggers in Piccadilly,

 

   
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
    
  

arching his brows, with more
borough in Burlington Arcade, where I|good humor than resentment in his
leal in Birmingham jewelry. I keep | tone,
a pawnbroker’s shop in the Minories ; “You're ruined, like Pompeii, Sir
two fish stalls in Billingsgate and a | Charles ; but that’s no creat matter, for
wine vault in the London Dock. What if some did not get ruined others
do you say to that?” wouldn't get rich,” said My. Twilles,
“You are a lucky man, Mr. Twilles,” smacking his palate with his tongue to
replied Sir Charles in astonishment. | try the hock, Why, Lord bless you,”
“So I'am,” replied the commercial | added he, “there isn’t a lord ér baro-
pluralist, lifting a prawn from a cut-| net whose money matters I don’t know
glass saucerful of ice and crushing it. | something of. I've even got some of
“ But I've not told you half yet. 1'm|your papers in my hands, and, with all
the Jones who advertises the Purgative | my respect, 1'd exchange it for Baring's
Jath Buns, I've three smacks employ-|any day. If TI offer you my daughter
ed in the Pilchard Fishery, and I turn | it’s because I think vou and she would
out boxes of sardines as good as those | make a neat pair, and because Mis,
the I'rench sell, and twice as cheap, 1|7Twilles, you know, would be mighty
bought up ten thousand acres of stand- | pleased to hear Ada called your lady-
ing corn in southern Russia last year, ship, but, of course, I don't expect
and I have got a contract for supplying | your answer to-day. Take time to
the Montenegrin army with cork hel-| think about it, and, meanwhile, see ns
mets. The Pope sent me his blessing {much of Ada as you like. If I've
and a silver cross, though I don’t hold {seized = the matrimonial bull by tho
with Popery, because 1 rigged out cne|hornsin this summary fashion, it's mere-
hundred and fifty pilgrim monks with {ly because I knew that yowd take fright
my patent monastic ulster at two: gui- | and “leave Ada.in the lurch. if you'd
tnoas a head or sixty shillings for’ these | suspect she was only a hosier’s child.”
who have hair lining, because they are “ How can you think such a thing,”
doing penance. I've a license for mu- | protested the barenet, amiably banter-
sic and dancing at a public house of ;
mine at Holloway, and I'm at the head
of the Terra de los Fiveros Emigration
Agency, bagging thirty shillings apiece
for every emigrant who likes to go
and take his chances out there against
the sun, the snakes and the mosquites.” | pay the bill. We shall meet at tho
“Sec what it is to have several |play to-night, and you'll dine with us
strings to one’s bow,” smiled Aylmer, | on Thursday—that's settled. But on
who, not, being devoid of humor, was | the day when you marry Ada you'll
growing amused. step into a ten thousand a year, which,
“Several strings, you call it. I|by the way, may surprise her more
think I could count 2 hundred of "em | than you, for she has no idea how rich
if I tried,” replied Mr. Twilles, rap- |she is. I've not told her, because I
ping his knife on the table to accelerate | don’t like girls to give thomselves
the waiter’s arrival with a dish of cut-| (h)airs.”
lets ; “where there's money to be| Sir Charles Aylmer laughed, and was
made I make it—just mind that. I'm |much inclined at that moment to treat
the owner of a proprietary club; I've |the whole thing as a geod joke; but
opened a meeting-house for the Salis- | two months, day for day, after his lun-
bury Plain Shakers—admission six- cheon—having in the meantime visited
pence. I've inaugurated three ranks, | Fulham innumerable times—-Sir Charles
vented a new game of tennis, which | proposed to Ada and was happily ac-

people can play cn their ‘housetops | cepted. On the afternoon when this
‘when they haven't a garden and man-!awe

ly girls especially, belong ‘to nature's
nobility.” is
“That's true, though you den’t quite
believe it,” said Mr. Twilles coolly.
“ Now, just finish your Stilton and I'll

 

aia the mew ‘‘tourist’s boot,” | settled, Mr. Twilles ‘drew his future
with a knife, fork and spcon in one, | son-in-law aside by a coat-button, and,

a tooth brush and comb in the other, whipping out a note-book from his
and locking glass: inside both soles, pocket said :
which are hollow. ~ Then I'm going to| “Now, you're engaged, you'll he
send Messrs. Biggar and Parnell dbout wanting to give Ada a lot of presents,
the country to give a course of lectures | bookies and such like. Just buy ’em
on parliamentary tactics; and I have|all of me. I'll sell ’em to you cheaper
started a new magazine to which Mr. | than those fellows on Bond street. Say
Gladstone will contribute an article | what you want now, I'll take your or-
next month.” 4a Sg bee, i

“ Enough, enough,” broke in the ba-
ronet, laughing, for the cutlet had now
been served. “I see you are a univer- i:
sal benefactor, Mr. Twilles—but what | Subject much study, has concluded that
can I do for you?” be the man ‘is not horn yet whe can elicit

“You can become my partner hy | Public admiration by his way of falling
marrying my daughter,” said - Mr, | d0WR.—[Detroit Free Press. And the
Twilles,  harpooning a. cutlet. Sir |Man who tumbles down can’t “ tumble”
Charles gave a slight start at this unge- | t0 What it is makes every ene laugh.
remenious proposal, but Mr. Twilles, Perhaps with the best intentions,
whose mouth was full, waived his hand | hut vo
to check him from speaking. “ Ycu|this time of the
go on eating, Sir Charles; I can talk Hawkeye gays th
and eat at the same time. 0

 

 

at lager cures corns.

other day, and her mother says you|be curing corns. And the result js
were so, teo, with her—-and mothers | that they become more corned ” than
don’t make mistakes ahout those things. | ever. FHM

Now, I watched you to-day when you |— - =

came In our ‘shop, and I saw you EST

wince, though you didn't see me, be- | 8 & p

cause I was in tho i sr owes er OY,

the petty cash. Why did. yow wince ?| . , kg td

~—because Ada was selling gloves! But PLAIN AND ORNAMENTAL
PRINTERS,

she dees that because I choose her to
ERCP :

be useful instead of wasting her. time
and my money. If she were married

Canterbury and Church Sts.
ST. JOHN, N. B.

 

 

she wouldn't sell gloves, you see ; and
Pd rub out the name of Thilles over
the door, which I only keep there be-
cause the Cornhill shop was the first
place where I set up in business. As
to education, Ada has been brought up
like a princess, and ud make you a
good wife, whilst her money would :
some in nice and handy to set you on Stay 8
our legs again, pecooniarly PR All Wor Kk exceuted with
“Who told you that [ was off 1ay| Promptness, and. guaranteed
igs, Mr, Twilles?" asked Sir Charles well done,

i

 

|

ing. “All honest people, and all love-

A local ‘genius who has given the

t with indiscretion, especially at.
year, the Burlington

My daugh-| If, adds the New York Herald, advice
ter was mighty struck with you the | of this kind continues everybody will |

protows busliless  DUSINESS was duly §

 
