 

OTTAWA.

Wicked Reporters.

eat.

OUR REPORTER WRITING A PLAY.
A Nova Scotia Bore.
What the Members are Doing.

OTTAWA, April 30.
Long and uninteresting speakers are respon-
sible for much of the mischief whieh is perpe-
trated in the galleries, as they afford the re-
porters leisure and make them wicked. It is
at such times that rhymes are written on
MRS, MURPHY'S COW
and other members of the parliamentary men-
agerie, that flirtations are carried on with la-
dies in the gallery, and that hoaxes of various
kinds are contrived. As I have no inclina-
tion for any of these things, and
DON’T WANT TO BE LED AWAY

by the evil example of the representatives of
the Montreal Witness, the St. John News, the
Christian Visitor, and other religious papers,
I am writing a play. which
you will readily see was suggesjed by recent
events, is as follows, the scene being laid at a

young ladies’ seminary :

The opening,

THE PLAY.

PRINCIPAL (peering through spectacles)—
Who comes up the lane ?

HOUSEKEEPER (excitedly)—A Brooklyn
preacher and a temperance lecturer !

PRINCIPAL (in great alarm)—Then run in
as quickly as possible add look up the vir-
gins! ° = d

Don’t you think this play will draw well ?

ONE OF THE NOVA SCOTIA MEMBERS

is boring everybody with a railway conun-
drum, and this is how he does it :

BoRE—Suppose a train leaves New York
for San Francisco and San Francisco for
New York each day, the through trip requir-
ing seven days, how many trains do you meet
in going from ’Frisco to "York ?

VictiM-——I'm not a passenger on one of
those trains, and don’t meet any.

BORE—Of course youre not; but if you
were, how many would you meet?

VictiMm—I start from San Francisco for
New York-—seven days run—train leaves
New York every day—well, I s’pose I meet
seven.

Bore—How many trains are on the road
when you start ?

Vicrin—Seven.

Bore (smilingly)—And how many leave
New York during the seven days of your
trip ?

Victim (hesitating) —Six—or seven—seven,
I suppose.

Borg (triumphantly)—You have to meet all
the trains on the road and all that start dur-
ing the seven days. Therefore you meet four-
teen trains.

VicriM—So I do.

Bore (insinuatingly)—How many New
York Herald's do you get on the way?

VicTiM (unthinkingly)—Seven.

BORE (inquiringly)—The first train has the
first, the second the second, the seventh the
seventh, and the other seven none ?

Victim (angrily)—Get to shoel out of this
with your conundrums. Any fool knows I'd
meet a train every twelve hours, and get a
daily from each twenty-four hours later than
the previous one.

And then the Nova Scotia M. I’. who has
the copyright of this conundrum selects an-
other victim and propounds his queries to
him,

PETER MITCHELL
entered the [louse the other day more than
usually combative, and pitched into Charles
Burpee sharply on an amendment the uncle
of his nephew had proposed to the election
faw, speaking of him as “member for the
pocket borough of Sunbury.”

   
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   

+

UNCLE CHARLES

mildly replied that “the respectability of Sun-
bury was so well known as to need no de-
fence.” And then the pugnacious Peter
laughed aloud in scorn —¢“Ha! ha! hum!
Respectability and a Burpee ! Too much !
Ha! hal”

You can imagine the hostility which Dy-
mond has awakened by his boorishness by the

character of a retort which he provoked from

the poetic Mr. Plumb, a gentlemanly man by
instinct. “The honorable member will ob-
lige by keeping his insinuations in his own
mouth, and
A DIRTY MOUTH IT 1S T0O,”

There was an outcry of ‘‘order,” and the poet
withdrew the epithet. “You can expect no-
thing from a hog but a grunt,” said the Glob-
ular member of Mackenzie Bowell in the
Public Accounts Committee, and the Orange
Grand Master—

THE EDWARD WILLIS OF ONTARIO—

grasped a blue book to hurl at the hairless
head of the offender.

“Wood is very scarce in Hamilton,” said
Mr. Wood, the member for that constituency,
in the debate on the coal question.

“It will be scarcer here after the next elec-

tion,” remarked Mr. Plumb.

“You have set your protection traps to see

how many rats you could catch,” said Mr.
Jones of Halifax.

“You are the biggest rat on that question,”

retorted Sir John Macdonald.

You should have seen the dolefu] look

which the Prime Minister wore when he rose
with the papers relating to the claim made on
account of the killing of Mrs. Murphy's cow.
It inspired a poet to write as follows :

Up rose Mackenzie in his place,
And sadly solemn was his face,
A frown was on his brow ;
A manuscript was in his hand,
Which tearfully through specs he scanned—
Methinks I see him now !
His serious air revealed full well
That *twas the mournful chronicle
Of Mrs. Murphy's cow !
Jonx Smurf

-

 

An Editor's Mail.

 

The morning mail of the editor of a
leading daily is not complete unless it
contains, in addition to its substantial
business, letters from the following well
known correspondents:

, The man who wants to empty his
old scrap book into you.

2. The woman with a “piece” of
poetry.

3. The respectable dead-beat lecturer
who will furnish his old notes inter-
larded with vigorous puffs of himself,
and want to be paid for it.

4. The man with a currency scheme

six columns long.

5. The man with a national finance

system do.

6. The man with an old sermon.
7. The man who importunately asks

the insertion of a communication as a
favor, and then writes a worrying letter
daily inquiring to know why it is not in.

8. The man, woman, or child that

would like a “roving commission,”
under the impression that henceforth
they would have to pay no hotel bills
or railway fare.

9. The lady who wants to be a

watering place correspondent with
similar views.

10. Ten or twelve men who want to

slip in advertisements of lectures,
religious meetings, land associations,
colony schemes, private institutes, con-

certs, ete., under false pretences.
11. The regular batch of applications

for employment: (a) as a matter of

charity ; (4) because the applicant has
always been unsuccessful at everything
else; (¢) from influential friends who
want you to pension some poor relation
they are keeping afloat; (/) from the
man who thinks he would be an excel-
lent journalist because he has never
had any training in the profession ; (¢)
from the school-girl who would like to
be Washington correspondent.

12. The innumerable host who want
“1g little notice.”—[ Philadelphia Press.

To make a monkey wrench, feed him
on the first green apples.—[Syracuse
Times.

 

eee a eg

PORTLAND.

 
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
  
  

The Town Councillors
Analyzed,

THE HOUSE THAT JACK BUILT.

WHAT WAS SAID BY ITS
BUILDER.

PORTLAND TowN CounciL.—This is the
house that Jack built.

Fiera WARD, —This is the bait that lies in
the house that Jack built.

FeLLows,— This is the rat that nibbles the
bait that lies in the house that Jack built.

O’MAHONEY.— This is the cat that’s watch-
ing the rat that nibbles the bait that lies in
the house that Jack built.

S. Horry, CHESLEY, LINGLEY, J. HoLLY,
MAHER AND PURDY.—These are the bull
dogs that are helping the cat to watch the rat
that nibbles the bait that lies in the house
that Jack built.

DUFF, COCHRAN AND MuUNRO.—These are
the cows with crooked horns that hook at the
dogs that are helping the cat to watch the rat
that nibbles the bait that lies in the house that
Jack built.

McLEAN,—This is the maiden all forlorn
that milks the cows with the crooked horns
that hook at the dogs that are helping the cat
to watch the rat that nibbles the bait that lies
in the house that Jack built.

FERGUSON.—This is the man all tattered
and torn that kissed the maiden all forlorn
that milks the cows with the crooked horns
that hook at the dogs that are helping the cat
to watch the rat that nibbles the bait that lies
in the house that Jack built.

WiLsoN.—This is the priest all shaven and
shorn that married the man all tattered and
torn that kissed the maiden all forlorn that
milks the cows with the crooked horns that
hook at the dogs that are helping the cat to
watch the rat that nibbles the bait that lies in
the house that Jack built.

Dongerty.— This is the cock that crows in
the morn to wake the priest all shaven and
shorn that married the man all tattered and
torn that kissed the maiden all forlorn that
milks the cows with the crooked horns that
hook at the dogs that are helping the cat to
watch the rat that nibbles the bait that lies in
the house that Jack built,

: Pa

A Crock BewrircaEd.—A Vermont
newspaper is responsible for the follow-
ing story: “A circumstance which
savors more of spiritualism than any-
thing the Eddys ever did is vouched
for in South Woodstock. About three
years ago F. B. Fletcher moved to the

evenings after, when his friends gave
him a house-warning, a small eight-day
clock which stood on the parlor mantle,
unwound and without a pendulum,
struck anumber of times and continued
running for a couple of days. After a
silence of two years, aud while in its
previous condition, the clock showed
life again during another party. This
performance has been repeated at a
third party within a few days, and the
clock ran exactly twenty-four hours,
every effort to stop it proving as useless
as the attempts to make it run since
then.”

 

A Barsarous IteM.—A peculiar
looking individual stepped into a hard-
ware store in Washington the other
day and said: “I've been here six
months and, so help me gracious, I
haven't found a decent barber yet. The
best of them haul and scrape against
the grain, and scarify a fellow till you
can't rest. I'll have no more of it in
mine, Hand down the best kit of
shavin’ tools you have in the shop.” It
was Dr. Mary Walker.—[0il City Der-
rick,

place from Mystic, Conn., and several,

es ssbb ttt AAI Nat cnt I trate SRI

NEWCASTLE.

Another Sensation !!

THE POETIC WOOD-CUTTER
HEARD TROM.

Kicuipovcquasis, 3oth April, 1878.

DEAR Eprrors,—As I have been in the
woods all winter cutting spruce logs, excuse
my ignorance when I say that till yesterday I
never saw the sensation in Newcastle as pub-
lished in your valuable paper. Wending my
way along the dirty street of the little hamlet
called Newcastle, I overheard a conversation
in which was related what may well be called
Sensation No. 2.

A bank clerk of tri-colored notoriety,
brought up to the strict ritual of the Estab-
lished Church, has forsaken the religion of his
forefathers and connected himself with the
Church of Scotland, ‘and all for?” Echo
answers, for the sake of a young lady fair as
a lily. Friends and acquaintances, parents,
brothers and sisters hasten to the rescue, but
alas for the frailty of friendly relations when a
young lady stands at the entrance and beckons
onward.

The other evening this self same banker,
when the rain poured and the wind howled,
but no lightning flashed or thunder moaned,
wended his way over the rocks and through
mud to the happy home of his adorable :

“And in her home he saw the light

Of household fire gleamed warm and bright ;

Above his head the bright moon shone,

And from his lips escaped a groan—
Confound the rain.”

At last his patience and perseverence met
their reward, and words fail us when we at-
tempt to describe the scene. But all things
must end, and so did this pleasant evening ;
and at last the time arrived when children
must be put to bed. Our banker arose to de-
part, but would fain have staid like the prodi-
gal son and the corn husks, when he was
startled from his reverie by a sweet voice say-
ing :

“0h, stay! the maiden said, and rest

Thy empty head on yonder chest;

A tear stood in his cat-gray eye,

But still he answered ith a sigh—
Mintero Mum.

At this point the young banker frantically
seized his hat and cane, groaned (it could not
be called a whistle) for his dorg, and rushed
like a raving maniac out into the storm and
darkness, and since that time the rock no
more beheld the brightness of his countenance.

SPRUCE GUM.
Saige pl etl ats

Oh, how this spring of life resembleth
The uncertain glories of an April day!
Is longer and less terse than what he saith
Who, his umbrella having put away,
Is for ome hours beneath a leaky awning compelled
to stay.—[Puck.

 

UNaccomMopaTING.—Tommy came
home from school and handed to his
father the teacher's report on his pro-
gress during the month. “This is very
unsatisfactory, Tom; you have a very
small number of good marks. I'm not
at all pleased with it.” “I told the
teacher you wouldn't be, but he would-
n't alter it.”—[ Hudson (Gazette.

1t is very difficult to look at the piec-
ture in Harper's Weekly of Stanley and
five negroes in a skiff, fighthing 346,
059,823,544,817,922,354,000,000 sav-
age negroes, all armed with repeiting
and breech-loading rifles, at ten paces,
without yielding to the impression that
either Mr. Stanley is given to prevari-
cation, or the artist has misunderstood
his figures.—[ Burlington Hawkeye.
LINES TO THE CUCUMBER,
The cucumber graceth the festal board
Eushrouded in condiments rare,
And the epicure gleefully rubbeth his paunche,
At the sight of the treasure there,
The doctor gmileth a sad-like smile
And giveth a crocodile groan,
And the marble man gooth out the while
And polisheth up a stone,
The undertaker mournfully asks
“What will his measuve he
And the sexton marketh a spot “reserved”
All under the willow tree.
"Tis hard the times and tis sei ree the cash—
And =o with a zestful joy
We welcome waft to the fitful fruit w
That giveth the folk employ.
—[ St. Louis Journal.

»

 

1

{ T.

.
