 

 

¥ ve Minutes at the Police Court.

Tee supremacy of the harmonium was in
danger Monday morning when its strongest
advocate, Sergeant Owens, approached the
Pot: Court, for some of the members of
the { wee were introducing novelties in the
wag of instruments; and when he emerged
from the square the terribly discordant strains
that burst upon his ears led him to believe
that = lunatic asylum had been opened in the
court room, or all the officers had got on a
jamhgree.
and grunting, as if fifty thousand pigs were all
being killed at the cone time, and were all
sques iing their level gbest ; there was a sound
as if all the small boys from Fundy to Chaleur
were beating on tin pars, mingled with the
noise of drawing some sharp instrument across
a window pane, while at every lull there arose
a rzsping and a gasping like unto the sound
of a pair of asthmatic
“pum ping” of fat man at the end
of a long race; and with his hands
over his ears, teeth on edge, and every nerve
shivering with the awful discord, the sergeant
entered and beheld an awful sight. Seated
on the harmonium was Briggs, playing the’
bagpipes, like all possessed ; while seated on
chairs with their feet on a level with their
heads were policemen Evans and Tracey, the
former operating on a concertina, in a terrible
state of repair, and which, when it dropped a
note, or half a dozen of them, gave vent to a
most heartrending and appalling groan in-

There was a squealing, wheezing,

bellows or the
a

stead, and the latter was most industriously
scraping away at an old fiddle, which he occa-
sionally rosined up with all the ease, grace
and dexterity of the first violin in the orches-
tra at present at the Institute. Owens stood
for a mement in holy horror, and gazed upon
the scene. Briggs’s cheeks were inflated to
their utmost capacity, his face was flushed, and
his eyes were fairly “podding out.” Evans
was working the concertina in a stiffand spas-
medic manner just as if he were practising on
a bucksaw, while Tracey, with the fiddle
tucked under his chin, scraped away, and
smiled and seemed as happy and comfortable
~ as a seraph scraping away at the constellation
of the Great Bear with a double-barreled rain-
bow. Owens looked upon them, but only for
a moment. Then he rushed wildly towards
Briggs and exclaimed in a voice like an ex-
pleding powder magazine :
“Stop him! Stop him !
‘his mother and all his relations, stop him
“Why? What's the matter?” exclaimed
the others jumping up.
“Stop him, or he'll bust!” and then he

For the sake of
122

sunk upon a seat gasping for breath, and
wanted to know what they were trying to do.

Then followed explanations from the musi-
cians. Briggs said that they had concluded
that the harmonium was too mournful, and,
that being tired of it, they had procured the
bagpipes, concertina and fiddle merely to try
them, and now considered the bagpipes only
as worthy of consideration, as they were a
good deal more cheerful than the harmonium,

The sergeant reflected a moment, and re-
marked that they were, to a certain extent,
more cheerful, but necessitated cotton wool in
the ears if they were nearer than two blocks,
which was a great objection. %

Briggs said the harmonium reminded him
too rauch of a lot of Mormon widows wailing
the Geaih of a husband, and was, besides, only
fit to sing hymns to.

Owens retorted by saying that you couldn’t
hear yourself speak when the bagpipes were
being played, and it was tep $0 one but what
they'd deafen every one inside of a week.

Aad then began a hot and furious argument
about the respective merits of the instruments,
y “ich ended by the sergeant coming off victor,
zn he harmonium was saved from banish-

-

mest.

riggs then retired to the hall to solace
himseil wth his old favorite, the jewsharp;
Evans mournfully wrapped his concertina up
in a newspaper, and Tracey went off with the
fiddle singing a negro ministre] melody, part
of which runs: “Hang up the fiddle and the
bow, while the sergeant seated himself at the
ha=~w-onium and burst out in the following

SONG OF TRIUMPH.

* ghee harmenizog hath trinmphed {—
It hath grbuniphedd over all 1—

the bagpipes ace divear ded,
And up against the wal,

1 ntouched, and quite forgotten,

 

 

Is the squeaking fiddle hung:
Let the harmoniwm's triumph
In loudest strains be sung.’

  

The last strains had no sooner died away
than his Honor entered. His face was beam-
ing with smiles, and he sported a new white
hat,—at the sight of which a murmur ran
around among the policemen, and after a
moment's thought, policeman Owens struck
up the following ode to the first white hat of
the season :

*“*Tig the first white hat of the season :
Like a meteor it doth gleam—

And brighter far than the brightest star,
And as bright ag the moon's cold beam.

White hats at once attract the eye—
Once geen, they're ne‘er forgot
may no one eer express
A wish to have it shot.”

     
  

  

With a smile his Honor hung his hat and
coat upon the hook, and opened court by
calling out the name of

THOMAS BIRKEN,
Thomas had been on a high old time, and

dinged himself considerably. He had
like a fish all day, and towards midnight had

drank

attempted to wend his way homeward, but,
like Jordan, it was a bard road to travel, and
he tumbled into a vacant lot in the burnt dis-
trict, barked his nose, scratched his face, and
the only thing that saved him from a broken
head was the hardshell hat he were, so that,
when he fell, instead of splitting his head
open, he split the crown of his hat and ruined
it forever. Iven then he did nct get home
all right, but got into another man’s house
and was promptly turned out, but not until
he had staggered round and tumbled down
again, and burst nine yards of-plaster off a
wall and punched a hole in it big enough to
Then he hol-
lered police and murder, and shouted for some
one to take off the man who was pounding

drive a span of horses through.

him with a three-storey and a French roof
dwelling house ; and eventually a policeman
came, and Mr. Birken was marched off to the
lock-up. i

He now stood before his Ilonor in answer
to his name, and contemplated his ruined hat
with downcast looks.

“Thomas Birken,” said his Honor in a tone
of voice as hard and ringing as a blacksmiths
anvil, ‘‘you are not only charged with drunk-
enness, but with seriously damaging an honest

man’s building and cutting up pretty rough |

Now, Thomas, this is no time of
year, when houses and cornices are tumbling
down on their own hook,and many only want
a slight shake to knock ‘em, for you to go
round shaking things up. It’s dangerous,
Thomas, for men like you to be flying round
loose among these new buildings, and about
the safest place is the P. I., where you may
hammer away at the walls as much as you
like, and I'll put up any money your head’ll
go first.”

And Thomas sank into a back seat “unwept,

generally.

unhonored, and unsung,” for the man at the
organ refused to strike the golden lyre for a
man who was so powerful mean as to go
round butting houses down.
BARNEY DUNGANNON

came next, and stepped up to the mark smiiing
and cheerful. He had been on a “reg’lar
good old-fashioned tear,” as he remarked to a
policeman, and had torn a good many thing,
including his coat and shirt, but he had
“slicked himself up,” and now was fresh and
smiling, He had a handkerchief round his
neck that looked as if half-a-dozen rainbows
had been run into it, and his hair was plastered
with soap to make it ‘stay put.”

“Barney Dunganncn,” said his Honor,
“you were drunk Saturday night, and I'm of
the opinion that you'll have to make that
drunk last you for a period of two menths,
for I'm going to send you up. You made
things quite interesting last Saturday evening
on Charlotte street by dragging a newsboy
round the street, and what with your yells and
those of the unforturate boy, you created a
terrible din.”

Nou say,”

said Barney, interrupting his
Honor, and leaning forward and smiling
blandly, “you say I dragged a newsboy round
the styeet ?”

“Yes,” said his lloroy, Yysu did,"

And Barney laughed softly, as if it were a
good joke, and said :

“Just to think of my dragging that hoy
round the street! What a joke! “Do you
know,” he went on, addressing his Honor,

| “that joke reminds me of an incident that I

| and his hair was plastered with it.

 

 

witnessed while spendi

 

g my. holidays, in, the
country last year. ‘Would youlike to hear jt?”

“If it’s nat leng, we'll indulge you by listen-
S o 7 ” t

 

ing,” said his Hencr.

“Well, there was a very worthy deacen of
the church lived near where I was staying
who was very fond of fancy cattle, and he had
a Cotswold ram sent down to him by train,
and when it came he and his boy Dan went
down to the staticn to bring it up, ard took

 

a piece of rope with them for that purpose.
Now tie deacen had had seme experience in
leading calves and sheep in his day and ex-
pected some trouble, and to prevent any he
arranged the rope in this wise : the rope be-
ing first fastened to the ram and leaving about
six feet on each side, and the deacon took the
rope on the right hand side and Dan the cre
on the left, so that if the ram ran at the dea-
con with the amiatle intention of butting him

into a cocked hat Le would be snubbed by

Dan, and eee zerse. They had got about
half a mile from the station when the
apparatus was put to the test, for

the ram suddenly made a run at Dan, and the
deacon planted his feet firmly on the

and when the ram ran the lenge

S

ground,
th of his tether

 

he was snubbed up suddenly and jerked over.
Then the deacon smiled, and Dan remarked
that’s ‘the ticket, dad.” But they hadnt got
‘more than a hundred yards up the road when
the ram made a run at the deacon, and as
Dan was not*strong enough to held the ram,
as his father had done, the result was that the
deacon was struck in the wind and knocked
into a ditch full of mire, and gave Dan such a
sudden jerk that he described a graceful circle
in the air and came down alergside of his re-
spected pater, who promptly yanked
and got out himself.

 

im out
Ard what a sight he
was! dis shirt frent was a.mass of rusty mud
The ram
in the meantime stood. quietly by and watched
the deacon scrape the mud off his clerical
looking tile, and there seemed to be a con-
Once
more they grasped the ropes, but the deacon
twned on Dan with ‘look here, if you can't

tempt for deacons generally in his eye.
> J

manage better than you did last time you'd
better give me the rope,” and Dan smiled from
out a mask ef mud and passed the rope to the
deacon. Ile hadno sooner got the rope well
in his hands than the frisky Cotswold jerked
the deacon off his feet and started up the road.
Nothing could be seen of the deacon, for he
was shrouded in dust, but any one could tell
that it wasn’t an angel in the cloud of dust
that went sailing up the road from the streaks
of galvanized profanity that flew out of it.
Then the deacon got caught in the ropes and
coulidn’t free himself, and the ram cut through
a fence into a large field, dragging the unfor-
tunate man after him, bumping him against
fences and stumps, tearing his clothes, and
knocking him round generally. Dut at length
the deacon caught in a fence and the rope
broks-—and he was free. Ie hadn’t much
clothes on him by that time, your Henor, and
the way he struck for home across ditches,
fences and brooks was beautiful but wngdigni-
fied.”

“Is that all ?” asked his Honor.

fies.

“Well, just take a back seat and wait for
the Black Maria.”

“Well,” he murmured sadly,
fetch him after all.”

“it didn’t
BRANTFORD SUMMER

came next, and he was as tall as an extension
five escape and abc ut as unwieldy in his move-
ments,

“about mid-
night Saturday a policeman observed what he
thought. was a three storey and a half step
ladder coming out of a cellar window of a

“Brantford,” said his ITonor,

hardware store, and he proceeded to investi-

gate and discovered you hall in and half out.

He saw just how much of you was outside,
but he had no idea that there was as much of
you to follow as he afterwards learned when

he got two other policemen to assist and |

dragged you out.
the bowl which cheers but also incbriates.”

I’m afraid ycu indplged in

“I should jinagine not,” said Brantford.

“The policeman says you smelt like it,”

“I don't care what the policeman says; I
wasn’t intoxicated.”

“Come, now, hadn’t you a little in, and
you're wrong in saying you hadn’t.”

Ses: |

often am, you know,”

Yes! I dare say I'm wrong—very

bi

  

““That’s right, Brantford. Now I'm coming
to the main point—what were you doing in
that cellar 2?

“I got locked in and was crawling out.”

“0 ho I” «aid his Honor, ‘but. that’s a nice
little story.”

“Its the truth,” said Brantford,

“It may be, and then again it may not be,”
said his Honor.

And just as Brantford was thinking upon a
lot of big dictionary words as long as himself
to launch at his Honor, his employer stepped
up and explained things to his Honor's satis-
faction, and they marched ofl together,—and
the man at the organ struck up:

young feller ex:

    
  
   

wled outof accllar;
-f ladders
stationward drag-

 

wind sadder,

 

A lady, referring to the flirting pro-
pensities of her young friend, said :
“She would sit up in her coffin to co-
quette with the undertaker.—[ Puck.

A Newark chap dreamed for twenty
consecutive nights that he was out car-
riage riding, and couldn’t imagine any
reason for the fact until he discovered
that Lis bed was alittle buggy.—[New-
ark Call.

The ancient (reeks used to have a
great deal of trouble with their hair as
we moderns do. As. for instance, Bu-
vipped Lis ang Thuecy-died his. In.
fact, they were all hair-assed abou’ it
more or less.

The will of Mr. Land, late of Ken-
tucky, leaves all his property fo his
wife, and specifies that she can “marry
again if’ she wants to.” And yet peo-
ple sing about a land that is fairer than
this.—[Oil City Derrick.

Not richer were the Israelites
Who had tl Mose and Aaron,
Than is the -day
As thro’ th n-fields hearin ®
He downs the barley and the whee,
And cuts the acres through,
And while } 5 his littie mows
He has his airin? too.
—{Yoxkers Gazette.

A leading health journal says, ‘“ne-
ver go to bed with cold feet.” If your
feet are cold, you'd better leave them
down stairs alongside the kitchen fire
when you go to bed. The advice given
in health journals should be heeded, —
[Norristown Herald.

     

 

 
  
 

This is perhaps the most wonderful
season for growth on record. Scarcely
a paper comes to hand that doss not
record the name of a resident over one
hundred years old. The open winter
sent everything ahead at marvelous
speed.—[Danbury News.

“Aho,” sald Mr. Peter Mitchell, a
member of the Canadian Iouse of
Commons, to the members who were
trying by interruptions to choke him
off, “who brayed there ? “It was an
echo” retorted a member, amid a yell
of delight.—[ Detroit Free Press.

The vigorcus Waseca (Minesota)
Herald says: “The hod-carrier and
whiskey-guzzler of the up-town Hell
Box says he has done $107 60 worth

tof job work in the last twenty-cight
days. He simply lies like a horse
thief. Besides, what Little work he has

done he has horrowed the type with
which to do the most of it.”

Lither writers for the press must
stop using Latin quotations or the
printers must be taught Latin.—[Rich-
mond State, Detter teach the prin-
tors, for we are wedded to Latin. Its
(ric) second nature fo us. Any old
Lae can write plain English ; besides,
what is so expressive at times as a good
hune of Latin, Cwm now —[Utica
Observer,

  

The toothless anglers possesses one
advantage over the fisherman who owns
a good set of molars. When he goes
fishing, and holds the worms in his
mouth for convenience—as is custopary
we believe—he isn't so apt to sender
them unfit for bait, by absiractediy
commencing to move his jaws, under
the impression ‘day Be has a chew of
fine-put in his mouth.—[ Norristown,
Herald,

 
