.

 

* the bargain,

© finding cut how matters were, stepped to the

 

-
Drm ms I SIN PPTL I re br BTL 21 BNE re AEBS itn

Yeolume I. No. 28.

 

 

 

LOVE IN BUGTOWN.

A BMach-Hoved Niaiden-~The Adage--
“Phe Courses of True Hove Never
runs Smooth’-=Verified.-- 8 Constant
Change of Lovers and the Trouble it
Causes. 3

(

 

THE PROLOGU

 

Some two years ago two colored individuals
named respectively George and Joe, had the
misfortune to fall in love with the same dark
damsel, and after each of them making love
to her successively for about two months she
at last fell a victim to the all-abeorbing love
of Georgie, who was so delighted at the're-
sult of his wooing and a collusion of lips in
that he jumped and skipped

about, finally landing on top of a policeman
who had been enjoying the scene ata distance
and who also began tc jump around, his antics
being so far in excess of Georgie's that it
brought a blush to his cheek to think, as he said,
that any white trash should try and beat him
dancing, and before his gal, too. Meanwhile
the policeman having ended his performances,
and, we suppose, feeling a: little ‘bit mad to
to think that he had been giving a free enter-
tainment and to such an’audience, to soothe
the pain somewhat he collared- the fond lover
‘nnd after a time succeeded in escorting him to
the station, followed by the maledictions both
Haug amb Eepof the fei one thus sollied of:
her adorer.
brought up on a charge of being drunk and
disorderly, and inspired by the presence of his
affianced, he pleaded his case with a grand
flourish of arms, winding up with an eloquent
speech that would have melted any other heart
bat his Honors, who mildly requested $8.—
$6. for the offence and $2. for listening th his
harangue. The money not being forthcoming,
a back-seat was provided in the Black Maria,
and he went up to the boarding house for three
months,
George being out of the way for such a
long time, the fair one was inconsolable and it is
said she lost ten pounds of flesh daily; so Joe

front, determined to strike while the iron was
hot,
ing suit with a large standing-up coldar, Joe
started ‘from his, Villa in Bugtown on a fing
Sunday #terncon with the intention. of
taking the heart of the beauty by storm, He
at length arrived ‘at the Rouse, and after
carefully wiping the dust. from his - ‘highly
polished plantations, and twisting himself in
every considerable form to see if a particle of
dust had dared to find rest oO his best counrt-
ing suit, at last musteréd up courage to ring
the door bell; but as it had not*been repaired
since the last time, he finally had to app ly the
toe of his boot, which socn brought to the
door the objectiof his visit, who, with a bland
smile, inyited Joey to enter." He went and
was seen no more until about 12 o'clock that
night when he departed; «ud if éne might
judge by the sound of COrabth: uz which closely
- resembled ‘a pistol shot; and by the shining
face which reflected his hay ness, we'at once
knew another heart had Tern mended with
the old love left out. . Meanwhile, the three
months rolled wearily alou, vad George look-
ing ten per cent. better for tie bull head soup
and porridge which ‘was the daily diet at his
boarding house, at. last was: allowed: to fly
with the wings of a dove to his beloved; and
receive, as he thought a reward for his unceas-
ing devotion; but, alas! he was received not
as he expected, with a holy kiss, but with cold
glances, and a “Hallo George! ware did you
come from? when did you git out; and you
look so well on’t why didn’t yer stay?” all of
which sent a cold thrill’ through the heart of
poor: George, and he left her a sadder yet wiser
man with his mind full of malice against “all
gals dat would fool a- {eller dat way,” and
vowing that he would put a tin eat on the
more fortunate one. But' so handsome a
maiden. could not be satisfied with only one
lover, and with gall the arts. of female love
soon trapped two other love stricken youths

Kis gor wo HR pon SZ
PEER pe > T

 

  
    
   
  
  
    
  
 
  
 
 
    
  
   
  
 
   
  
  

The next morning George wast{’

Donning his best Sunday-go-to-meet- | :

 

ST. JOHN, N. B., SATURDAY, J JT

——— A. tirtt e SEe——le o  et eeam

       

 

 

eee eee va

Price 2 Cents.

 

 

one of whom sad to relate, fs a brother of Be) |

EW o ASTLE
present lover, and now things began to look |

A HUNGARY BARBER.

 

lively; for after behaving i in a way that incites | Great Wal exh oro iF aan] on the War. | Thirty-two Plates of Eirawberrics and

the jealousy of one and causes hini to com.| pas.
mit an insult upon the other apd be sent up, Eiis EPepuvy little better.
she holds forth no hope for the bruised Bp Fae
battered one by declaring in Court that she !
loves “Charley” best. “Charley” is another
brother, and it would seem that it “runs in
families.” :

THE COMIC TRAGEDY,

Now Bugtown, Portland, is the ‘place where
lives this dusky maiden after whom, as she is
‘considered a great beauty, many of the young
men of her own persuasion used to seek for
the sake of winning even one smile from her
full, red lips. Butof all the young beaux who
worshipped at her shrine, it seems that two
{mentioned in the prologue and brothers as
well) considered themselves particularly favor-
ed suitors.
¢ Now it happened that one of the young
gentlemen, the one, too, who supposed him-
favored above all others, was told that the
other young gentleman was that evening seen
going into the home of his lady love. Noth-
ing more was wanting to start the jealoustem-
per of this young man. He set off post haste
possessed of the ‘green-eyed monster,” to
wreak vengeance upon the man who, he be-
lieved, had stolen from him the love of his
fair one. = On arriving at the house of the
young lady, he entered and saw that his hopes
of ever living with the fair one He had destined
for his own, all his own, were blasted. Seat-| . il etal dar :
ed in the room was the fair damsel and like- ge id) gered Sale Tees pre
wise the other dusky lover. With blazing eyes miscuously along the highway armed with

the discarded lover rE ty sof hy nis, ipl; E9acko; and all other articles
ene end-dealt him, Semin di Sa 2

A FIERCE BLOW UPON THE gn 30 peared Het
il Sarthe oui lc the bughes.: “The Deputy mean-
Not content with dunaging the others optic | ALE afing Hong BL Lge Ee

he proceeded to also affectionately pat
ino 3 Er ed ground inging the men onwards with words

his bread-basket by sending two more pile |?
diivers in that direction. The young lady |of gentle’ séasion, citing the gallant deeds of
the Light Brigade, etc.

now interfered and received a blow from the
such! martial music threw thems Ives with a

 
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
    
    
       
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
    
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
     

castle, stating that Bomard the Indian had
been seen about & miles above this place, the

gop and demanded bread; that on being
questioned be had fled and taken refuge in a
clump of bushes by the way side.
quence

In conse-
the Deputy was ordered to geta
number of men and beat the bushes aforesaid,
hoping tofind the Indian asleep, and quictly
awaiting the Minister of Justice'to come and
take him to jail. The Deputy accordingly
hired two double teams from the livery stable
of Mr. R. Grimley, capable of holding about
‘nine persons each, besides a number of private
tonveyances, and ‘proceeded to beat thejbushes
in the aforesaid clump. About 2.30 p. m.
sixteen men divided into two parties of eight
each, oné headed by ex-Deputy Sheriff
Smallwood of Richibucto, the other by High

   
 

want of a escefi

: : 4 The men stirred by
infuriated lover. Other hands now interfered

and the young gentleman, thinking he had
al ne damage enough, quietly left ; and now
we come to tragic part of the story. The la-
dy vowed to have revenge, and the next day}
the young man received a summons to attend
aff thot Siscs
PORTLAND POLICE COURT.

At 10 o’clock, sharp, the Court was opened,
Judge Tapley presiding. The lover who had
received the thrashing was called upon to
state his case which he did, declaring that
he was sitting with a young lady when the
other young gentleman had ‘struck him.
“STRUCK ME ONCE IN DE FAWHEAD ‘AND

! ‘TWICE IN DE STOMACH.”

He said affectionately hugging the latter
part of his anatomy.

‘The other young gent was told that if he

wished to ask any questions he might do so.
Turning to, the Witness the prisoner asked in
tones as gentle as those that an angry bull is
said to indulge in, ‘did : you sdy dat I hit
you? 2’ tyes, you did” said the witness, noth-
ing daunted.

“Well, dere, now, you see I didn't,” said
the prisoner.

%Oh, ask him some questions about how it
all occured,” said his Honor; but as merely the
same question and reply was gone through
the witness was told that he could step down.

The young lady was now called who gave
the same evidence as the former witness, pith
the added intelligence that

HE HAD ALSQ STRUCK HER,

“Ah 1” said his Honor, ‘I see how it is;
two fellows after the one. girl,” now, Miss, I
want you to tell me candidly which of the
two young gentlemen you love best ?”

The young lady hesitatingly replied that she
did not know, but his Honor showing her the
inconsistency of this reply exhorted her to
speak without fear, Being thus encouraged
she declared that she loved ‘‘Chawley” best; |
but here the proceedings were interrupted by
the risoner declaring he ‘didn’t care for her
anyhow.” He was told to keep quiet till Ke
heard what his Honor had to say about it.
Hist Honor’s address was short and sweet, he
said to the prisoner: ‘you have been found j
guilty of assault and battery upon this young
mar, and also ‘with striking this young lady;
the only r€aS0N peared is jealousy, my
advice, therefore, is don’t get jealousy. I things, and he stair with a sound like a
give you $10 or a month in Jail, To which and the girl below with the scrubbing things,
eloquent address the prisoner replied : “Guess 5 He. ga
I takes de month,” {laughed like a fiend to sg¢ him come,—[Un-

The wom ai Ree] known,

will into ‘the impenetrable mist.

About three o'clock the Deputy was joined
by the police Magistrate and. the men were
mustered, and under the leadership of such a
gallant general again took themselves to the
roadside,—at the same time asking the neigh-
bors if they did not think Bonard ‘was con-
cealed in a swamp across: the road; and: re-
ceived for answer a wise shake of the: head.
About three 3:30. part of the men returned
home sadder, more ‘tired, if not wiser* men
—the P. M. slipping over the back of the” de-
puty’s waggon about a: mile from: town, con-
sidering it wiser to walk to .town after dark.
Ex-deputy of Richibueto was last seen sitting
on'a stump with two stakes in his hand and
swearing in his most vehement style’ that he.
knew concealed
and would not retwn home till he captured
him, some’ of his men staying-a short distance

where ‘the Indian was

away trying to show him the unrecasonableness:
of his arguments. - | eb

About 4:30 the remainder of the wise men
returned home thoroughly disgusted, and yet
pleased with the absurd mamors floating’ about
concerning noted crimnals.

Thus ended a hunt worthy to be remember-
ed in thd annals of the crimnal procedure in
this of the County. Yours, etc,

: B. WEST.

Lost at sea—The sight of land.
Falls Reporter. ;

“Turners

The author of Helens Pa his has a new
volume pp canoeingy He ought to be a geod
‘authority on the happiness
—[Free Press.

g ‘af canoe.bial life.

What to him was love or hope? What to
him was joy or care? Ie steppe et on a plug
of Irish soap the girl had left on the topmost
stair, and his feet flew out like wild, fierce
drum:

‘The Eligh Sherif o sying wr add,

The cther morning Newcastle was thrown | a young

 
 
 

Ten Cents Voluntary Contribution.

—

In a barber shop on Germain street, works
gentleman, who for the last few

 

ina great state of excitement by telegram | months has tried to be very “high toned.”
from the High . Sheriff at {Chatham to his| He may be seen most any evening loafing
Deputy and the Police M agistrate of New- around a cer tain billiard salogn with a three

cent cigar in his mouth—which is always open
for a drink at somebody else’s expense. Last

night previous; that he entered a shoemaker’s| Sunday he appeared on the street wearing a

white tie, but the cries of several small boys
toi shoots if?
preach,”

“‘where are: you going to
ete., had the desired eflect, and he
returned to his boarding house and took it
off, vowing never to wear it again.

One night last week the Maritime Lodge
had a Strawberry festival in Good Templars
Hall, and the young ‘“Tonsorial Aitist,” as
he wishes to be called, was invited by a friend
to be present, as it didn't cost anything to
attend. Our young friend resolved to go.
He had a terrible mental struggle as to
whether he would wear the white tie again or
not, but at last concluded to do so; and when
his friend called around his shirt front
was adorned with that article of dry
goods. Mending their way to the hall
they give the password and were admitted.

After viewing the assembled crowd for a few |
pminutes they seated themselves ata table ands

ordered some strawberfies: - Aftér~devouting
of two dishes of this ‘delicious
“artists” friend was satisfied and rose from the
table leaving our hero engaged on plate num-
ber three. Ills friend left the hall for a short
time, and on his return was called to one side
by several of the ladies, and informed that
the “Tonsorial Artist” was then engaged on
the seventeenth plate, and requesting him to
ask him to leave the hall or stop eating; as
they were afraid there would not be enough
strawberries left to go' round. However, he
somewhat calmed their anxiety by telling
them that his friend would probably pay in
proportion to the amonnt of strawberries he
had consumed.

As each dish disappeared their hopes arose
in proportion, and they began discussing
whether they would buy a new organ or build
a Lodge Room. After finishing his thirty-
second plate of strawberries, he arose from
the table and remarked that ‘‘he felt like eat-
ind some supper after that lunch.” After
clearing’away the remains of the feast, the
company seated themselves around the hall
and one of the fair ladies being appointed to

collect the voluntary subscriptions of those =
pz I

who had shared in the evening’s enjoyment,
started upon her task. The plate was soon well
covered with “coin of the realm,” and nothing
smaller than a quarter of a dollar could be
As she approached the high-toned bar-
ber the eyes of the whole company were di-

seen.
rected towards him. But what was their as. '
tonishment and disappeintment on seeing him,
after feeling in his pockets for some time,
deposit on the plate the munificiént sum of

n cents !

We kindly draw a vail over what followed.
Suffice it to say that the Maritime Lodge will
not buy a new organ or build a Lodge Room
this summer, and the high-toned barber will
not be invited to any
while.

more festivals for a

% 4 teenie
For Correspondence, Mysterious and Other-
wise, and other articles of general and local
intsrest see fourth page.
pt Oe
iat ses are sure to have a core’-emy --
[Yonkers Gazette,

fruit, the

Ed
