—

 

W,

 
 
 
 
 
 

      
    
   

Fhinutes at the Police Court. Grimly and dimly the stars they were shining
As John Robert James round a lamppost was
twining,
He needing support ; and oature inclining,
Ie felt ike a doze,
And to earth quick declining \
Ie soon was reclining
Full length in the gutter in blissful repose,
And played a bruss band upon his red nose.

 

   

Tonday mornipg was calm and beautiful;
¥the air was clear and bracing, the sun was
lightly shining and giving every promise of a
“very warm day, and the birds were singing
and hopping about among the érees in the old
graveyard.

    
   
 
 
 
 
    
  
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  

Briggs was sitting on the door step enjoying! Such was the case of Mr. John R. James at

the delightful morning, and when Sergant|2 late hour Saturday night, when he was

Owens came along he was singing a little discovered by two guardians of the peace.
song, something like unto the {ollowing : But James had evidently judging{from ap-
“0! there was a pretty bird and it lit upon a pearances been on a good old-fashioned jam-
limb,
But the bird was too big, or the limb was
to small,
For the little limb it bent and to the ground
he went, i
And very sad and mournful was his fall.”

boree ; he had fought and’ tore and wakened
snakes and twmned a bar-room inside out, and
he now looked as if he had been through a
sausage mill. lis face was all the colors of
the rainbow, he could barely see out of his
eyes, and his nose and ears bore teeth marks.

“My. James,” said his Honor, ‘have you
anything to say for yourself 2”

As soon ashe ended Owens told him that it
was a rather improbable story about the little
bird, for from what experience he had with

birds he knew for a fact that they didn’t NOE mindha 515; gt James, conitely

= 5 a eh “Not much ; but I feel awful bad this mern-
tumble, but made use of their wings and flew. |, BE A eo: Se

ing. I'd a fearful fight with a gnzzley bear
on Saturday night and I feel a litter bit the
worse for it this morning. Oh, your Honor,

“I perceive,” said Briggs taking a liberal
chew, I perceive ; but, you see in. this case

the bird was too young and hadn't wings : ”
but it was an awful

fight! We were away out
on the prairie when got fighting, and we
fought all the way from Nevada clean down
We fought all the time, with fists and
paws and trees. = We fought with houses in a’
little village in Connecticut and only stopped
when the houses gave out, and then we took
Iie battered me
about the head with a justice of the peace
and I banged away at him with the leading
man of the village. Oh, it was a fearful fight.”

And then Mr. James stopped and buried his
hands and shuddered at the bare
of it.

worth a cent for flying, and such you'd have
found out if you only given me time to have
gone on with the next verse.

“I understand,” said Owens,
TEE

2 here.

Let us go
And they went in and were just in time
item which
appeared in the last Dip, credited to the
Detroit Free Press, and which in the opinion

for a hot argument apout a small
to- fighting with people.

of the members of the force present, reflected
on policeman. +

“What's all the talk about,” asked Briggs,
hanghg his hat on a peg and taking a seat on

ot a ET
face in his
a locker.”

“It’s about an item in THE Div, which say ee ah Te

‘ i FRE aa “Mr. James,” said his Honor, you had no
fight with a giizzly, but you had one with a
bar ke and two bummers, and you've
Now I can’t have people
the way

“It is asserted by narrow-minded critics that

aftera policeman has been sworn about 13,-

 

 

0co times he begins to forget the differences

y 5 Hae ; been awiul drunk.
between a bible and a city directory.”

going around you have been going,
ten days, for I don’t
$8, about your old

5 i : a8
Driggs said that he was of the opinion that

pis i) } so I send you up for
1t was a most scandalous thing —as scanda-

think GC hav 4
think you ‘have got

lous as untrue; he had been swom a good
many times, and he rather imagined he knew

the difference between a bible

Tames took a back seat and tried

b>

nd Mr.
and a city f to boirew some sticking plaster, while Owens
sang the followng ditty :

¢¢ John Robert James

Is up to ail seits of games
Of every kind and desexipt

Which his Honor'll make

i‘or be knows a tiung or
By dealing out his favorite

Which: is ten days in jail

And was never known to fai
For John can’t raise $8, e’en by su

directory.

¢ a seat at the desk,
that although it was untrue it wasa thing which
reflected badly not only on the police of any
one town or city, but on the members of
police forces at present existing, and that

  

11 Fue,
TWO,

prescription,

  
 

 

 

all if they didn’t rise up as one man against
the ‘writer of that item, why, they weren't the

at all.

 

 

Laine

men he took them for

 

. Rg 5 2 SAMUEL "PORSON" AND HKLI! GRANT
Policeman Cinrie said he endorsed those | ... ; Bis :
Were the next on the List and ¢:

 

Qt ped Fog lp Grads SMR :
sentiments heartly, and expressed a yearning

 

 

  

   

  

to be a Detroit policeman for a while, so lis i i a pi
Mie the rast 4 Maer Bad SP bo ly. They a beenrpeicc off tagiiler, Tens
three sheets in the wind and went ticking - got tw MER oc
along taking up the whole street, bumping a ha An ; RL
against houses, carrying off porches, Ars de: & 2 a : i Bo:
molishing lamp posts and dinging up the J: ng a 2 Sa
savements, he’d have satisfaction of Tas conduct has been REL Ajo ou un bibed
him in and showing Bim next morning that bra eR Se

i 3 ina Siendly and culet © } adit 17
hs ? Ho in a rena and quiet manner” until you got
he ( urrie) knew the difference: between a nail 1Gly I 1 adie fly 2

5 ORY E37 it
bible and a city directory. talking about racing; then you had a difter
: Sp © Anint WV Ni 2 1 co Rha
Sergeant Gibson said it was a rough thing, | "°° of opinion.” You, Mr. Porson, ‘rahed
A S xx 3

<, $ Car fRallace I nacor vile vou, Mr. Gt ¥
but that he didn’t know of any way in which er a eth

: -. raised your by means soft voice for Han-
they could get even with the writer of the raised your by no means soit voice fo ax

item, and that personally he didn’t feel much lon. ; ;
I ich Then from arguing abeut the respective,

cut up about it, for no matter what he was sworn
upon he always told the truth; he always
went in to tell the truth, and he didn’t care
whether he knew the difference or not, and
never had any trouble with a ‘quickened con-
science’ at any time afterward,

merits of your orsmen you got to fighting ina
gently assisted out

BRN

iaen

bar about them, and were

 

by the bar keeper's boot. you went up
the street singing and shouting the. praises of
youmen, and early Sunday morning

>

you were

: both found in the gutterin front of tne jail
After a little debate, the members present . :

became unanimous that Gibson’s remarks were
sensible in the extreme, and delivered in the
true spirit of philosophy, and agreed to adopt
them and worry no more about the obnoxious

pulling an imaginary race with pickets that
you had removed from the old graveyard fence
for oars. Have either of you anything to offer
in explanation of your strange conduct?”

23 os ; ; i b But Mr. Porson “didn’t remember anything
item ; and as soon as they had arrived at this, about it,” and Grant was equally in the dark,
“Well, then, have either of you got $8.”

Neither of them had in fact, they couldn’t
even remember the time when he had such an
amount ; so his Honor sent them up with the
remark ‘that they’d miss the race, but he
thought that they might make arrangements
with the janitor to ‘have a mimic one in of

the baths on the great day.”
OA TRE eH

Sir George Bock, the Distinguished Artic
navigator is dead. Ile was not the inventor
of Bock beer. And although water was his
favorite, he has finally come to his Infant
class in paragraphing, what did the gentle-
man come to 2—[Oil City Derrick.

Briggs struck up the following chant :
“We tell the truth, the whole truth, and noth-
ing but the truth,’ )

And all from the sound principles we were

learned from our youth ;
And never swear to e’en ‘white lies,” no matter
what folks say,

And when we strike the bottom fact, we

never ‘give it away.’ ”

And the rest of the foree joined in in a ring-
ing chorus of “We tell the truth,” etc., and
they were going over it for the nineteenth
time with fully as much vigor as when they
started, when the janitor Avas heard below
bringing out the prisoners, and they conclud-
edit was {ime to adjourn,

AR {fg

 

 

    

 

ft Broubie of Getiing into a Paris Zioerel,

{ hours, and a friend thus describes their pereg-|

 

 

 

 

 

LE Bund Browned. “PERRY DIFP” SAUFFINGS.

 

 

A BoDy PICKED UP IN THE CANAL. Apple-bees are ‘sure to have a core’-ent.—
Corner’s inquests of late have been as scarce ! [Yonkers Gazette.

as musquitoes in winter time, and to-day when
a certain Corner received information” that i
body had been fished ‘out of the Canal by a
party of newsboys, a gleam of sunshine shot
over his countenance and the pores, which
were emitting the perspiration caused by hea ;
registering g7 degrees in the shade, opened | continually. —{Cincinnati
up more freely than ever, and sent forth a REE Rabin offices reste iat o howl
stream that would alicost float a canal boat. %

Armed with the necessary documents, and ac-
compained” by a teporter and policeman, he
burried down to the scene of the lamentable
accident, and there discovered: the dead body
stretched: ‘cut ‘on a shutter with fifteen or
twenty newsboys dancing around it in ecstatic | vs
delight. One glance at the lifeless form made |
the Corner smile a ghastly smole; and then he
bit his lips in‘anger and wanted to go home.
The newsboys saw his uneasiness and’ wanted to
know if there was any mecessity for an inquest ;
then they laughed in chorus and shouted ‘sold
again.” The policeman looked sick too, and
hid behind a woodpile, leaving the reporter to
face a shower of expressions, such as “It is a
hitem;?” ¢‘here’s a chance for hobituary,” and
other equally kind remarks calculated fo rub
the “sell” in as completely as possible. Then

they sang a Te Deum as follows :—

Nice thing for a hot day—A cool thousand,
—{ Gil City Derrick.

Hop Bitters— Taking your girl to a “hop,”
and having some other fellow dance with her
Saturday Nights

nowadays he always inquires, ‘‘Ees ye terri-
ble reportaire here?—[ Philadelphia Times.

© Little boys goinggiith their hands and eyes
done up i slings ai€ all that ave left to remind
"oni country’s independence.—[ St. Louis

 

   

Creecs has borrowed some money and will
altars and her: firesides.

     
   
 
   
 
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
  
 

make a stiike for her

Greece softens at Hresides.—[New Orleans

 

Vicayune.

One reason why policemen don’t mn faster
at night is because they have leamed that
hitching posts won't dodge out of their way.
~—[¥ree Press.

At Hartford entomologist says there are at
“ This chicken once was in an egg, least a thousand kinds of bugs in that city.
A tiny little thing ;

Its mother sat for nineteen days,
And then ’twas heard to sing.

This will give one an idea of the number of
boarding houses there.—[Danbuiy News.
It is
bread is pushing’ ‘em
under the sod in a way that makes undertakers
good all over.— [Detroit Free Press.

Dio Lewis has

California, and his bran

finally found his field,

 

“Two other days had passed away

Before the shell it broke;

And then it tambled into a— 4

A: chicken from a yolk. oily ud i 3 ;
» ‘“We never saw a man’ says an exchange,

“who thought it aisin to steal an umbrella.”

k
Then you never saw a man whose umbrella

“In course of time the bird grew up—
A most obedient daughter,
1 . ir Fe 1h
ee gncks had just been stolen.—[New Haven Register.
+ Tell us not in mournful numbers
Life is but an empty dream ;
Tet a man but eat cucumbers,
And a nightmare it will seem.
— St. Louis Journal.

“ Alas! it knew not how to swim,

It sank, and never rose;

Sank in the “raging kanawl,”

And there turned up it’s toes.”
The fate of a recent religious newspaper

enterptise in Chicago induces its proprietor to

rematk, with some acerbity, “Now let the

As the ““sold” trio departed from the dock,
and the last note of the mournful melody flit-
ted about their cars, the policeman discovered
sitting on a woodpile the boy who had given
him the information. 1t is not necessary to
explain what occured, but after the officer got | soon zs Le wants to.”
through with him the boy was observed as he
walked along a back street tearfully, rubbing
the seat of his pradtaioons.

devil foreclose his mortgage on the town as

 

An Alabama pegro bet that he could stay

 

in a smoke-house twenty minutes and .endure
he smudge. Three hours after being pulled
“Golly, bat'I
| forgot to shet my mouf ! ”—{ Free Press.

3

 

 

out he revived enough to say:

 

Two Californians doing Paris kept ratherlatel © Most young men can afford to wear a care.
It is an economical garment ; no buttons fly-
A

short time since two fiiends of mine attend-

 

rinations in search of a night’s lodgings :

ing off, no seams ripping, NO rents occurring,

nor holes weating through. Long live the in-

ed a village fete at St. Cloud.” Retwning tol} ventor of the cane.—[Danielsonville Sentinel.
sa ral as E07 A aay ol i i = S75
the city at an carly hour fn the motning theyll dooy-knob fitted to receive and exhibit

eould not immediately find any déscription of] the photogragh of the head of the house has
s SA frre then roonts. whichi Fd = 2
RBS IRCA YE COR ER ICE hy heen invented. A door-knob fitted to receive
were located th a: distant quarter. Tired and] and Lang onto a man’s soapy fingers until he

1

Ht admittance at the Grand

 

sleepy, they sou

°,
= i g y can turn it;is more necessary.—[Danbury

Hotel. Awakening the porter was a work of Niu

- oy 1p % 2

time. © The porter ung up to COnsClouUsness

; ; 3 oH (9; Come to the bridal chamber, death ; come
must awaken the clerk. | The clerk was some § 2 :
3 A ; i A to the mother when she feels for the first time
time coming to, and when at last he cast offi} 2 ; 5 hy 48

Fh a J her first born’s breath ; come in consumption’s
slumber sufficiently to find out who he- was,

ghastly form, the earthquake’s shock, the
ocean's storm, but please don’t come in the
form of a man with a book under his arm.

where he was and what he was about, he
couldr’t tell whether
a

1

or not until he had mspected the books for a

there was a room vacant
period, in the estimation of our two ~Ameti- Bridgeport has a life insurance agent who
cans, long enough for making out'an abstract follows his victims up the masts of vesselsand

{into other places where the average citizen

of title to: an old estate.” But at last it was]

would suppose himself safe. Haven't we la
Nobeling in this country who will do something
for his suffering fellow men. —[Bridgeport
Standard,’

A compositor in a Springfield newspaper

settled that one small room of one bed was
vacant’ near’ the'roof.” © ‘“Anyfhete! any-
where © cried the two belated ones. ““Any-
thing in the semblance of a room and a bed.”
But here a mew obstacle presented itself.

f] office got into a quarrel with the foreman the

“Messieurs had no baggage.” It was one ¢

x ther dav Src hin he hea it

the rules of the hotel not to receive any | other day and struck him on the gad 2 h the
d { towel, fracturing the skull and causing instant
death. —[ Burlington Hawkeye. is life might
been a “crash”

guests without baggage. + Messicurs offere
for their night’s lodgings a deposit of fifty ? es
francs. 5 of. | have been saved if it hadnt
fered a deposit of 100 francs, No, not with: towel. —[Detroit Free Press.
out baggage at 2 o'clock in ‘the ‘morning. What to him was love or hope? What to
The clerk was polite but firm. ‘They showed | him was joy or care? le stepped on a plug
him their credentials, their letters of credit, | of Irish soap the girl had left on the topmost
their passports, in order to establish their | stair, and his feet flew out like wild, fierce
character—baggage or no baggage. They | things, and he stair with a sound like a drum:
begged and implored for a place to lay their } and the girl below with the scrubbing things,
tired, pleasure-sated bones. -- The ‘clerk ‘#2- | laughed like a fiend to see him come.—[Un-
pented so far as to go and awaken’ the | known. PR
“patron; and lay the case before him. He| The gentleman who attracted attention in a
went. He returned.  Theré was no hope in| jersey tity church last week by crying out,
his face—none in his reply. No, not without | “Tloly Moses,” had no intention of disturbing
baggage. ‘If,’ said the patron, ‘the Prince | the congregation, ~ He had been tacking
of Wales should apply baggageless he would | down carpets on the day before, and just as
not be admitted to the Grand Hotel.” | he sat down in his pew he suddenly remem-
Where at the two baggageless men roamed | beyed that he Imad a few loose tacks in his
thé streets until they found a cab to’ convey coat pocket. We make this explanation ir
them to their distant quarters. justice to his family, who are respectable.

No, not without baggage. . The

  
 
