 

 

 

“BY CABLE. |

atest from our London
Commissioner,

 

Arrival of British Fleet
at Constantinople.

PRANKS OF THE SAILORS---THEY
PULL THE SULTAN'S HOSE.

AN INDIA RUBBER FOR-
TIFICATION.

American Gold to be
Manufactured into
Watch Keys.

The Queen to speak on
, ~~ Temperange.

Lonponw, Feby 23rd, 2 a. m.

Specials from the seat of war state that the
English fleet have arrived in safety, though
theylwere several minor collisions which will
probably cost the Government several hundred
thousand pounds. The sailors of the fleet
landed in Constantinople, and after viewing
the scenery, which they did not appear to ad-
mire, they began wrenching of door kncck-
ess, and making selections from tin signs.
Tae Sultan remonstrated with them for their
coaduct, and they pulled the old fellow’s nose
so hard, that it took the united efforts of all
the ladies of the harem half an hour to get jt
back into its place.

The Sultan has had several very novel in-
struments of war presented to him for inspec-
tion by aspiring politicians, among them an
india-rubber fortification.

The principal on which the machine is con-
structed is very peculiar. After it has been
placed in the field, a large 15 pounder, which
worked on a swivel, is placed in the interior,
and worked by their men. The enemy, as a
matter of course, fire a volley at it, but instead
of piercing the india rubber, the shot im-
mzdiately rebounds, and kills those who fired.
Taere is considerable excitement in the "change
caused by the report, that the Bland’s Silver
bill has passed, and your commissioner heard
it stated, that as the United States Govern-
ment has no further use for gold, it is proposed
by the Rothschild’s to buy up all the Ameri-
can gold they can find, and have it manu-
factured into watch keys for the use of the
American Indians,

It is rumored that the Queen will speak on
Temperance, at the meeting of the Blue Rib-
bon Band, a new temperance organization,

 

 

 

This is what Gen. Sherman said on
the Army bill : —_—
! —_— bl! adnd

now Secretary John is beginning to
fear that he is not the champion after

all,

 

 

 

 

THE PENNY PENNY DIP,

St, John, I. B,, Feb John, Ll By February 22, 187 8,

 

THE oLD Vit TORIA HOTEL.

The Religious Intelligencer, speaking of the
prospects of rebuilding the Victoria Hotel on
the comer of King and Charlotte streets, thus
discourseth on the old establishment :

St. John can get along well enough without
such a place as the burned Victoria was, In-
deed, it cannot aflord to have another such
place, perhaps. St. John never had an estab-
ment more injurious to some of its citizens,
especially young men, than the Victoria is said
to have been. Not a few young men of con-
siderable promise took their frst lessons in
Tr: -doing there ; and some of them are to-

day mere wrecks of what they might hare been
but for the vicious influences of the great hotel.
If report be true. the glitter of the place
covered a world of iniquity. Who was re-
sponsible for the real character of the place,
we do not pretend to say. It is quite probable
that the good name of its proprietors, who
perhaps had very lutle if anything to do with
its management, shielded it frcm exposure.

Jet Trinity Church remain true to the pur-
pose it is said to have formed ; and may the
day never come when St. John shall have
another hotel of the character of the old Vic-
toria.

The editor of the Religious Intelligencer is
about right when he thus speaks of the old
Victoria, for we much doubt if a place bearing
the reputation it did could again exist in St.
John,
many vices it is said to have harbored, judging
from the great change that Mr. Edwards
underwent while manager of the concern.

Liquor selling was the least of the

The mew Chief Ingineer.

 

. When Mr. Smith was appointed Chief En-
his duties to
the general public were somewhat visionary,
but the following bill, which was adopted by
the Council, somewhat explains matters :—

Lirst. That the Chief Engineer of the Fire
Department in addition to the authority given
him by the present law may, from time to
t me call out the departments, cr any part
thereof, on the Eastern side of the harbor for
drill or exercise at his discretion ; that the
(fief Engineer shall order the purchase of all
res required by the deparment,

Secona. "That the duties of the storekeeper
of the department shall be-—He to take charge
of all stock and property and stores of the
department, and keep account of the same :
obtain orders from the Chief Engineer for
the purchase of all stores required by the de-
partment, and purchase the same : take charge
of all spare hose and apparatus not in use,
and report the condition of the stores and
other property of the department to the Chief
Engineer fiom time to time, as may be neces-
sary,

2hird. By repealing such parts of the Fire
deparment bye-law as conflict with the exist-
ing law relating to the construction of build-
ings, and the examination and use of the hot
air furnaces in the city.

If Mr. Smith does not make a good Chief,

there will certainly be no one to blame but
himself,

gineer of the Fire department,

 

 

COASTING.

 

Everyone who has ever been a boy knows
with how much pleasure he used to play truant
from school in order to sufficiently enjoy the
pleasurable sensation of coasting down hill
and dragging his sled up again, All aged
people know how a boy who has such a sore
back that he cannct saw wcod or attend to
other little necessary household jobs, has still
sufficient vitality left to coast for several hours,

   
 
  
 

peace, who demanded that the man of saws
and bones should go along with him, or de-
Tiver up the sled. A long consultation ensued,
and after the case had been viewed and argued
in every conceivable way, the policeman who
had obtained possession of the sled strode
proudly off, leaving the young medical man
Thus ended the

  
    
    
  
 
 
   
  
    
 
  
 

 

But there is nothing strange about this love for
coasting in small boys, as we have known in
our own personal experience that some very
old boys have such a desire for coasting that
they actually sit up to the small hours in order
that their craving for the enjoyment of their
youth may be satisfied. It was only last week
that a promising young physician of this city,
in company with a beautiful -being of the op-
posite sex, went out to enjoy himself after the
manner of the small boy. They coasted down
and walked up, murmuring to each other the
sentiments which naturally rise in the minds
of two young people of opposite sexes whose
thoughts flow in the one channel. But to
every pleasure there comes an end: and on
their return home they came down Gallows
Hill, and were complimenting each other on
the pleasurable time they had enjoyed, when
the gentleman was accosted by a long man
wearing the brass buttons of a guardian of the |
A

and the lady to walk home.

taken to the hospital to have it dressed.

 

 

 

~

WEATIIER REPORT.

 

weather ”

and definite.
MoNpay.-—Blue

half calf, may be expected Monday.

Charlotte streets.

a new one.

 

Spring

their highly-colored and festive spring fashion-

plates.
©

TuEspDAY.—A good day for stove dealers.
Housekeepers had best start the hall stove,

and look after the coal supply.

great demand.

Nore. —Notwithstanding this sudden change
a telegram from the weather bureau says that

the sun will rise in the east as usual.
—perhaps it may be fine;
wind,

yet decided which.
but it is the fault of the wind, not ours.)
Tuurspay.—Windy,

¢ured.

FripaY.—Still windy.
“ bore?
offices.
SATURDAY.—More gold and blue weather.

High tide

Lots of promenading and good clothes, No
wind, though quite a breeze is expected when

the Dir comes out.

 

 

 

A Promise that was never Fulfiled.

On that terrible day in the history of St.

 

John, June 20th, when the greater part of the
city was in flames, and people were flying

hither and thither, hardly knowing what to do,
there were some brave men who stood at their

posts and did their duty in protecting parts of

Cne of
the very weakest points in the whole line of

the city from the devouring element,

the fire was the rear end of Maher's alley,
where there are a large number of wooden

shanties and barns which are surrounded by
Had these shanties

high brick buildings.
caught it is hard to say where the fire would
have stopped ; though one thing is certain,
that block in which they were situated would
have been totally destroyed : but through the
efforts of Joseph Cook they were saved,
During the entire afternoon and night, until
daybreak next morning, this man fought ofi
the flames, a great part of the time unaided,
and as yet has never received one cent of com-
pensation, though the clothes which he wore
were burned almost to a crisp by the intense
heat,

Early in the forenoon, the police magistrate,
in company with Mr, Samuel Gardner, both
of whom had heard of his efforts to stop the
fire, sought him out, and found him in C.
Phillips’ bar-room on Germain street, over
which establishment he lives ; and after thank-
ing him for his efiorts, they said he was instru-
mental in saving the rest of the city, and told
him that they would present his name to the
Council in order to obtain for him some re-
ward for his services,

As yet, however, Mr. Cook has never ob-
tained any reward, nor, to our knowledge, has
his name ever been presented to the Conncil.
If the afiair has slipped the memory of the
magistrate, he should do as he promised at
pnce, ¢

:xperience of the man of medicine in coasting,
but woe be to the policeman if he should ever
succeed in getting his skull fractured and be

The weather report given below is not a
statement of ¢¢ probabilities,” but may be re-
lied upon as being far from mere probability ;
and, Lesides, instead of only giving the prob-
abilities for to-day or to-morrow, it prognos-
ticates definitely the weather for the next week.
Special arrangements with the “clerk of the
enable us to give reports so decided

edged and gold weather,
Young
ladiec may don white petticoats, and dispense
with rubbers when promenading King and
Gentlemen may put on last
spring’s overcoat for the time being, and order
Dry goods people may display
goods, and the tailors may hang out

Heavy boots,
top coats, fur caps and mufilers will be in

WEDNESDAY. —It may rain, or it may snow
but, at all events,
prepare for some one of these changes. Tle
says the clerk of the weather, will blow
from some point of the compass, but has not
(This is rather indefinite,

Dook out for falling
bricks, and see that your roofs are properly

s, and a
may be expected in the newspaper

 
 
   
   
   
   
  
   
 
    
   
  
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
  
 

A Coachman Weds his
Master's daughter

A STIR IN SOCIAL
CIRCLES.

HOW IT WAS DONE.

THE MORAL.

It is a well known fact that when a young
lady sets her heart upon a young man, or a
young man sets his heart upon a young lady,
that they are bound to have each other for
life, notwithstanding the efforts of their parents,
who may not deem the match a proper one.
The fathers and mothers of St. John do not
as a rule have much to say about those things.
In St. John, though there are several old Eng-
lish families, the heads of which still persist in
directing who their sons or daughters shall
marry .

On Wellington Row there lives an aged and.
respectable couple, who have in their family
several daughters, who have not succeeded in
finding suitable helpmates, and when one at
last arrived, which the young lady considered
eligible, the father objected, as he did not
consider the young man a fit companion for
his daughter, as he held a much lower position
in the social circle than she did. The fact of
the matter is that the young man was the fat] -
er’s coachman, but despite the father’s eforts
to point out the young man’s failings, the
young lady determined she would have him,
as she explained

SHE WAS GROWING OLD,

Nothing more was-said about it for some
time, and the parent was priding himself that
his daughter had given up the hope of wed-
ding him. Such, however, was not the case,
and the young lady went on preparing for the
marriage festivities, by getting everything in
readiness for a sudden departure. Her sisters
noticed her behaviour to be rather strange,
but as maids (we wiil not say old), are some-
times eccentric, they paid no further Attention
to her conduct. Her trunks were Hexis con-
fided to the care of her lover, who contrived
to get them conveyed to a place of safety,
without the knowledge of the family.

THE LICENSE WAS PROCURED,

and everything went along smoothly for some
few days, until at last finding no hope of ob-
taining her father’s consent, the young lady
determined upon a way of getting married,
The lover was consulted, and together they
determined to leave the house together, and
wend their way to the residence of a clergy-
man, and get the fatal knot tied.

THE ELOPEMENT

was conducted very quietly, They preceeded
on their way to the house of a clergyman on
Waterloo street, and were married, after
which they left for parts unknown, where they
are no doubt spending a happy honeymoon.

The moral of this story should be for all
fathers and mothers to allow their sons and
daughters to pick out for themselves a man or
woinan suitable to their taste, and not stir up
Mrs, Grundy with the news of an elopement,
