wr

 

Five Minutes ot the Police Court.

 

Gloom settled upon the Police Court Mon-
day morning. His Honor was gloomy, the
dirt upon the window panes imparted an ad-
ditional gloom to the court room, the prisoners
were gloomy, but it was to be expected of the
last named, forit was the merning of $8. fines.

His Honor gloomily and pensively surveyed
the array of seedy individuals before him, and
became more convinced of the efficacy of soap
and water ; and as he tapped the desk reflec-
tively, called out the came of

JOHN WILKINS.

A tall and extremely fat man toed the
mark, and answered to the name.

“John Wilkins,” said his IHonor, caressing
the side of his nose with a piece of blotting
paper, “you were drunk last Saturday night,
and took a roll on King street.”

“It was slippery, your Honor, and I fell.”

“ Exactly. That's what I want to speak
about. You doubtless thought yourself a ‘big
thing on ice.” But what I want to say is this:
It’s your first appearance here as a drunk, and
I'm inclined to be light on you: but, John,
you tumbled down, and when a man of your
calibre falls one might just as well grab up a
handful of young earthquakes and scatter them
through the streets. You tumbled, knocked
out a shop front, very nearly shook down two
or three of those new buildings on the other
side of the street, and punched a hole in the
sidewalk big enough for an elephant to slip
into. Now the Corporation are mad about
this, and some of the gentlemen connected
with the street committee might handle you
roughly ; so I think the best thing I can do is
to send you up for three months, and by the
‘time you get out the Corporation will be fixing
up the pavements and making improvements
generally. Then you can pacify them, and at
the same time turn an honest penny, by offer-
ing your services as a street leveller or a pile
driver. During your sojourn at our palatial
country seat you can improve yourself by
learning how to give a broomstick that sym-
metrical and graceful shape so much desired
by housekeepers, or to impart a new and
brighter hue to.the pails and tubs manufac-
tured on the premises.”

Mut”

¢ Precisely, That is the word. You
butted the sidewalk, and must pay for it.”
And Mr Wilkins was marched away, and as
he went he heaved a great sigh, and said :

“I would that I were lean!”

And he leaned over the back of a bench.

‘The next on the roll cf honor was a

MR. LAUNCELOT DEMOWBRAY,

a tall, lank, haggard individual, whose tangled
and unkempt locks had evidently not yielded
to the ‘‘comb’s unkind divorcz” for some
time, and in whose deeply set eyes glowed the
incipient insanity, born of ¢ forty-red
whisky,” or indicating the workings of genius
long pent up, and striving to find a vent.
 Launcelot DeMowbray,” said his Honor,
after he had duly contemplated the wild-look-
ing individual for a moment, ‘‘ you are charged
with being in liquor, with making a noise, and
with resisting the police. You were seated
last Saturday evening on an ash barrel, on
the last side of King square, and you were
soliloquizing , and apostrophizing the stars by
turns in anything but an undertone. When
requested to ‘ move on,’ you started to your
feet, waved your arms wildly, and exclaimed :
“Back! back! ye hireling menials of oppressive
aa me your dirt defiling paws;

Yor, by the God s aboye—:!

“And just then the ‘dirt defiling paws’ were
laid upon you, and amid oaths, shouts, and
clouds of dust from the ash barrel, which was
overturned by a backward kick from one of
your far from small pedal extremities, and
after a hard struggle, in which you bit the po-
liceman’s ear, split his coat up the back, and
tried to bite his nose, you were safely lodged
in the lock-up, and called upon this morning
to answer for your misdemeanors,”

There was a pause. A convulsive shudder
ran through Mr. DeMowbray’s frame and
oozed out at the ends of his tangled locks.
Then he said :

“T'm a poet! Behold how in my eye’ ;
The fires of inspiration flare uncurbed and high,»

si Stop | stop!” said his Honor, ¢ No
poetry here Peo I look poetical? Do any

 
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
 

the plaster down.

tA ee

of these gentlemen in leng coats and brass
buttons look pcetical ?”

Mr. DeMowbray eyed his Honor and the
guardians of the peace closely, and in a voice
low with emotion and a reminisence of whis-
key, slowly sang :

‘No fire of poesy from your eye,
Ny lord, beams fiercely forth ;
Those men in buttons look as cold
As winds from out the north.”

Stop!” said his ITonor again, and lifting
his hand warningly. “You're getting per-
sonal. Now, seeing that you're a poet, and,
that nothing but poetry will do you, I'll just
‘sling you a little rhyme,” as some one has
observed.

‘There was a young mon; to this city he came:
And Launcelot DeMowbray, I'm told, is his name.
He harangued on the square, a policeman him collars,
And a worthy Police Magistrate fines him eight dol-
lars. J

“That's your case in rhyme to a dot; and

I defy any of the local geniuses who are flood-

ing the city with poems on the Reform Club

and the Little River murder ts produce a piece
as good at such short notice.

I want $8, or
I'll send you up.”
And his Honor sank back in his chair over-

come by the effort, and much pleased with his

first attempt at poetry; while the audience ap-
plauded to the echo, and very nearly brought
Every one was pleased but
Mr. DeMowbray ; he said :

“To be fined or imprisoned, my lord's bad enough *

Oh! spare the infliction of hearing such stuff.”

It was more than mortal man could bear,
and the poet had barely time to dodge the ink
bottle which flew over his head and was dashed
into a thousand fragments against the wall,
leaving a dark and unseemly splash upon the
wall.

“And there it stands unto this day,
To witness if I lie.”

 

MECIIANICS® INSTITUTE.

 

 

The following is the programme which was
successfully carried out at the Institute last
evening, a large audience being present :

Recitation. —From Henry V, Shakespeare
Miss Cayvan.
Piano Solo—Selected.
Mr, Hodgdon,
Reading—Robert of Lincoln. bryant

Miss Cayvan.
Cavetina—Cupa Fatal.

Miss Wiley.
Recital —A Royal Princess.

Miss Cayvan.
English Song—Now I lay me down to sleep.

Miss Wiley. Walbridge
Reading —The Legend of the Organ Builder.

Miss Cayvan.
Reading—Chapter from Helen’s Babies.

Miss Cayvan. Labberton
Scotch Ballad—¢“When the Kye came Hame.”

Miss Wiley, =H, J, Dow

Recitation—‘‘ Poor Litile Joe.” Arkwright

Miss Cayvan. ,
Recitation—Mary Maloney’s Philosophy.

Miss Cayvan.

Centemeri

Rossetti

 

 

 

(to feel as I have felt.—01ld Poem.
Go beal as T have bealt.—Old Boil.
—[0il tity Derrick.
The Council has passed an order that al
shanties shall be removed from the King’s

Square on the 1st of May next.

A new semi-monthly paper is soon to make
its appearance from Carleton. It Is to be de-
voted to temperance. We wish it every
success,

The sooner the Corporation provide and
set apart some hill for the use of boys and
girls coasting, the better it will be for other
peoples legs.

Tue ENGLISH TONGUE. — A Devonshire
(Eng.) paper, referring to the cheap importa-
tion of pickled beef tongues from South Amer-
ica, plainly asks what is to become of the do-
mestic article ?

In our humble opinion, this is a matter that
Mr, Edward Willis, M. P. P., might profitr
ably discuss when he re-writes his popular
lecture on the ‘History of the English
Tongue.”

It was last week that a sleighing party went
out to Mouth Bay to have a dance and enjoy
themselves, As dangling is somewhat gondu-
cive to thirst, a bucket of water was placed in
a small ante room for the use of the dancers,
A young lady went In and took a drink, and
afterwards thought it would be a good joke to
doctor the water, which she did. A young
man who took a drink shortly afterward, re-
marked that the water was “rather salt,”

  

 
  
 

 

 

THE QUEEN OF TRAGEDY.

It is not many years since the sum-
mer loungers upon the Champ Elysees
of Paris were often regaled by an open
air performance of an attractive charac-
ter, and to which they were wont to
listen with more than ordinary attention.

About an hour or so before sunset, a
pale, thin, fragile, but*bright-eyed an
intellectual-looking girl of twelve years
of age used te appear in the most
crowded part of the promenade, accom-
panied by an old woman, who carried
a violin, a tin cup and a carpet.

The little, slender figure of the child,
her pallid, oval countenance, her night-
black tresses, and luminous, unfathom-
able eyes were sure to attract the
passer-by.

While the girl stood apart for a few
moments with something of a rapt look,
the old woman spread down the carpet,
placed the cup at one corner, and played
a preliminary air upon the violin.

The air did not seem to have any
particular reference to the scene which
was to follow, but still was given with
considerable ahility.

The music having ceased, after a few
moments the girl stepped on to the
carpet, with the air of a little tragedy
queen, and recited with wonderful
effect long passages from Racine and
Corneille,

The crowd forgot her poor attire and
the rude circumstances under which
sie performed her part, for she recited
superbly, and when she closed, they
rushed to fill the tin cup with sous and
half-frane pieces.

She had an air of suffering, and the
people wondered how long she could
ave, for she seemed to have the sad

ory of the consumptive written upon
her weird features.

The collection was always a large
one, and when the delicate child re-
tired, all palpitating and with a flush
rpon her cheek, it was difficult to say
whether it was the flush of triumph or
tht of death, destined soon to ‘claim
her as its own,

This was not a single appearance, but
one of daily occurrence. and the frail-
looking, but vastly interesting child
came to be regularly looked for by eer-
tain of the most Aobeaats loungers
im the Champs Elysees, and the old
woman was sure to reap a silver harvest
on each occasion.

This woman addressed the child as
Adrienne, and those who watched the
couple saw that the child was always
accompanied by a youth of about her
own age, or perhaps a couple of years
older, who might have been her bro-
ther, except that his protective manner
and assiduous attention indicated a ten-
derer relationship, It was observed
that after her performance, when wend-
ing her way from the spot, Adrienne
would slip her arm within that of her
youthful companion, and lean upon
him as if far support after her fa-
tiguing efforts, oy

But still this confidence, trust, indi-
cated by clinging closely to his side,
was plainly as much dictated by tender-
ness of feeling as by the necessity for
something to lean upen in the way of
physical support. Certainly the child-
actress could not yet he thirteen, nor
the lad fifteen years of age. As she
passed away from the spot leaning wpon
his arm, his face glowed with pleasure
as le heard the warm ‘and hearty com-
pliments bestowed upon her hy the
crowd,

Two long and pleasant summer sea-
sons, this daily occurring picture is re-
membered hy many who still lounge
upon that famous thoroughfare, one of
the finest promenades and drives com-
bined that can be found in all Furepe,

But now a winter had passed, and
the loiterers on the Champ Elysees wha
had heen wont to enjoy Has primitive
exhibitions in the open air by the frail-
logking but fascinating child-artist
missed their attraction, the Elysian
“elds lost half their fascination tg

er now that Adrienne wog no longer
to be met there with her old attendant.

But by-and-by, during the season, a

ee en eet eee etic ie emi

PTT. Tear
marvellous child-performer
upon the boards of the Gymnase Dfa-
matique. Tire had worked inevitable
changes. This girl was in her sixteenth
year, and the fire of gewius which had
so early beamed from her dusky, lumi-
nous eyes was still more apparent now.
That same devoted youth, Louis, was
by her side, looking more manly, but
no less tender and watchful, The boy-
lover worshipped the very sight of
Adrienne. :

Scarcely had the child-artist appeared
upon the hoards of the Gymnase, before
she attracted the eye of one who, while
he could appreciate the slumbering
power and genius which inspired

her to develop them. She was at once
removed from the encacement at this

 

oD

theatre. She was too rare an attraction
for that stage. Her titled protector,
Viscount X., brought Adrienne to that
famous dramatic master, Francois Del-
sarte, who was not slow in developing
her miraculous powers. 5

The great master of dramatic express-
ion became enthusiastic over his pupil ;
he devoted his best ability and most,
untiring attention to her, nor were his

efforts lost, for Adrienne imbibed all

his enthusiastic devotion to his art, and
she became as was to receive, and mar-
ble to retain. For a twelve-month she
studied her chosen art in a closet. |
No doubt can exist as to the ability
of Delsarte—he was doubtless such a
master of dramatic expression as the
world will never again sce, He
moulded Adrienne to suit his theories
and his system; ke made her the most
perfect human machine that ever trod
the stage or assumed a tragic role, but
did he not at the same time that he
made her so perfect, so statuesque, roh
her of all feeling, all heart? We speak:
of her as artist, for in Delsarte’s system
nothing is left for impromptu; even
the lifting of a hand is studied and
preconcerted, :
Where was this youthful lover all
this while? What has become of 1 ouis 2

Adrienne was surrounded Fy vastly

different associations from those when
she leaned so tenderly upon his
arm in the Champs Tlysees. She
was no longer dressed in coarse clothing;
she was no longer obliged, when weary
and ill, to stand before the crowd in
the open air and recite long and trying
passages. Livery luxury was hers. She
was a favorite pupil of a great master,
and protected by one high in fortune
and honors.

Was it the result of the training in
her chosen profession, was it the Dele
sartian system, was it the luxuriant
surroundings, or all of these united,
which so quickly weaned the intevest-
ing and marvelous young girl from
Louis?

The faithful young lover—her boy-
lgver—he who had never changed
through good or evil report, in times
of plenty and in times of wan, who
was ever faithful to the affection which
had grown with his years, was ever the
same. But alas, for Adrienne! with
change of fortune came for herp change
of heart. She had no further use for
Louis. He watched sometimes for
hours to obtain a sight of her he loved
so dearly, He eould not call upon her
among the class where she now made
her home. One day he chanced to
meet her where he was able to speak.

“ Adrinne,” he said, “one word—-do
not hasten away frem me.”

“Is it you, Louis!”

“Yes. We see erch other so seldom
now that you have forgotten me.”

“I must hasten on my way, Louis.
I shall be blamed, if seen talking to
with you, by the viscount—I mean by
M. Delsarte.”

“Ab, the viscount!” said Louis re-

proachtully.

Adrienne blushed and hastened
away.

“How changed she is!” was all that

Louis said, as he walked sadly away
from the spot.

The twelve months of study and
preparation was at last ended, and Ad-
Iienne was to make her first appearancg

appeared

Adrienne, had also the means to aid.

 
