 

 

eee ee tee eee i Ami ——

TRICKS ON AN AMATEUR BAR-
TENDER.
Startling Effects of Good Whiskey--One
Castomer that Didnt Cough.
[From the Nevada Enterprise.)

The Hon. Hugh Carlin Lyon of
county was in Virginia City last week.
He is naturally good-natured and un-
suspecting, but don’t presume too far,
or he will be sure to drop on your little
came. Some time ago Hugh was in
Eureka. Not having anything to do
when he first arrived in the town, he
wore away a good deal of time at a
saloon kept by an old acquaintance,
whom he happened to find there.

One morning this friend had some
business out of town, and got Hugh to
take charge of the bar during his ab-
sence. Hugh laid assde his hat and
took up his position. .

Some person wlo was in the saloon
when Hugh thus took command went
out among the boss jokers of the town,
In pursuance of a plan agreed upon the
first customer said, as he marched up
to the bar: “Got any real first-rate
whiskey 1”

“Have I got any good whiskey?
Haven't I! You don’t find anything
else passed over this bar. Never was
a finer package of whiskey lugged into
Eureka than what is on tap back in the
store room !”

The man poured out a big horn, took
a light swallow of it and began cough-
ing. He coughed so hard that he was
obliged to set down his glass. He then
clapped both hands upon his stomach,
and coughed himselt all about the
room—coughed his hat off, and coughed
till he was almost black in the face —
coughed till the tears streamed down
his cheeks—till he seemed not to have
breath left to cough more, or to utter-a
syllable, when he took his handker-
chief from his eyes, shook his fist at
the astonished deputy bar-keeper, and
rushed out of the saloon without a
word, leaving his glass of liquor stand-
ing on the counter.

Hugh was frightened and bewildered.
He took the whiskey bottle, held it yp
to the light, and carefully examined it,
fearing he had made some mistake.
Finally, to make.sure, he tasted it, and
found it to be whiskey, and pretty fair
whiskey too.

He had but little mope than recover-
ed his usual serenity of mind, when a
gentleman came in and said: “ Have
you got any brandy — real, genuine
brandy—no manufactured stuff?”

“What do yeu take us for?” “There's
not a drop of doctored liquor of any
kind about this establishment. No
such brandy as this was ever before
brought to Eureka. It cost $22 a gal-
lon in San Francisco. It's like oil!”

The customer poured out a liberal
allowance, but had no sooner attempted
to swallow it than he began coughing,
and spat out what he had taken into
his mouth. He held both hands to his
cheeks and whirled round on one heel
like a dancing Dervise, then ran for the
water pitcher, and finally began cough-
ing as though he would cough up his
lungs.

“Ough, o-ough—hooh! hough!”
coughed he. “Call that brandy?” and
doubled up like a half-open jackknife,
he coughed himself out of the salopn.

Again was Hugh astounded, and
again he critically inspected the liquor
he had dealt out. He was finally con-
vinced that it was all right, but that
the fault was in the people—something
wrong with them.

About the time that he had arrived
at this conclusion a man came in, and,
spreading himself out before the bar to
good advantage, said : “ Have you got
a good article of gin—real good, pure
gin?”

“Of course we have—never keep
anything else. What do you take us
for?” and Hugh reached down the gin
bottle from a shelf behind him with
his left hand, while with his right he
brought up from under the bar a cocked
revolver, which he pointed at the head

 

 

  
   
 
     
  
   
  
  

at the Theater Francais, the highest
temple of the drama in her native land.
She felt no trepidation at the approach
of this event. She was armed at all
points by the instruction she had re-
ceived. She was protected by consum-
mate art. Every step, every attitude,
every gesticulation, and every facial
expression were prearranged and strict-
ly rehearsed.

Louis knew that she was to appear
that night, and after securing a ticket,
before taking his seat in front, he re-
solved to watch the stage entrance of
the theatre to get one glimpse of the
well-beloved face. Tossibly he might
catch her eye, and be gratified by a
word of kindly recognition. He waited
long and patiently at the rear entrance
of the theatre, where he found a score
of others, men and women, also desirous
to obtain a view of the new debutant
as she should alight from her carriage.

She came at last, attended by the
viscount, who handed her from the
carriage, and slipping her arm within

his own, he was walking under the
i arcade, when there was observed a
slight but earnest movement among
those surrounding the door. Irom the
midst of them a woman came with up-
lifted arm and a hand which contained

a bright, sharp blade !

She aimed a blow with her dagger
at the neck of Adrienne; but Louis
had seen her approach, and also the
threatening movement. He could not
get near enough and in season to seize
her arm so as to thus stop that fatal
blow, but without a moment's hesitation
he threw himself between the infatuated
woman and her intended vietim, and
received the blow within his own breast.

“Saved ! saved!” was all he could
utter, as Adrienne disappeared within
the theatre, and he fell bleeding to the
ground.

The police seized the woman instantly
and others conveyed Louis to the hos-
J pital nearest at hand.

The viscount saw the whole affair,
but Adrienne, whose back was turned
upon the scene, observed nothing,

especially as she was hurried forward
by her companion, that she might not
know what had happened, and become
disconcerted just at the critical moment
of her debut.

It may be wondered who could pos-
sibly desire to take the life of the young
actress, who, never having proved her-
self a rival upon the boards, could not
have incurred the jealousy or hatred of
any one attached to the dramatic pro-
fession. But it was no mystery to the
viscount, who recognized the culprit at
the critical moment when Louis received
the blow in place of Adrienne.

The would-be assassin was the vis-
count’s mistress. She had sought for
months an opportunity to revenge the
neglect she had so long experienced
upon the person of the new favorite,
and but for the self-sacrifice of that
loving heart which had laid down its
own life to save hers, Adrienne would
have died that night. The blade was
keen and the arm strong.

_ While Louis lay bleeding in the hos-
pital, there glided on to the stage of the
theatre Francais that lithe, slender
form, pale and almost unearthly, yet
with a look so inspired, so command-

$ 10g, so irresistable, that every one of
the vast audience felt instantly, and
hastened to acknowledge it, that there
Was a new sovereign upon the tragic
throne. And this was Rachael—from
that hour forth the foremost queen of
tragedy forever.

an

 

et mes.

“What's this bump, doctor?” en-
quired a chap who had dropped in at
a country phrenologist’s. What's this
bump here on the right side “This |
ah!” replied the professor, as he dis-
covered a bump about the size of a hen’s
egg over the right ear—* this, I should
say, indicated a fondness for the trans-
cendental, aleve for the sublime, a regard
for——" “Hold up, doctor,” said the
vikitor, “hold up. Don’t diagnosticate | of his customer as he placed the bottle
any further. 1 raised that bump on| before him, saying, “ Now, you cough,
your sidewalk not five minutes ago,” | d—n you!” eo
[New York Commercial, That customer didn't cough,

4 rt x8 : 4
dl il Th x . hort

 

   
  

  

   
  
  
 

  

FREDERICTON.

SOLILOQYY OF A NEWSPAPER
CORRESPONDENT.

HE BEMOANS HIS SAD FATE,
AND WANTS A NEW COAT.

A Coatof Tar and Feathers
‘would fit too closely for
comfort.

Well, well, the Club still lives in
spite of all my efforts. I feel disap-
pointed, for I thought that I could
write it down in a few weeks at most.
I begin to feel somewhat shaky about
my pay, for I did say to the rumsellers
[ could use it up in a few weeks ; al-
though that was no part of the bargain.
I was to be paid for writing. Dut now
that some have gone out of the business,
and others are soon to follow, while the
rest swear they are getting poor since
the blue ribbon came in vogue, I fear I
will not get my pay. If they refuse, I
will turn my pen on them, it will serve
them right.

Who could have thought it possible
that the organization would live through
such a constant fire of literary artillery
as I have poured into them. One would
have thought it would have silenced
any battery; but no, they keep spout-
ing away as furiously as ever.

One ought to be well paid for such
lies as I have written for the last five
weeks. It will take some money to
put a fellow through a purging, when
that time arrives. There is something
about this matter of the hereafter that
I can’t exactly understand. The Pope
dies ; and during his life it was declared
by the Church he was infallible ; now,
he has left us, we are all called upon to
pray for his soul. If this is necessary,
it will take a pile of money to put me
through. I don’t know about that. I
am of the opinion there is some mistake
about these things; if not, I must stop
writing lies—that is certain. One of
those heretics told me yesterday I
would repent of my articles in the
Freeman. Had he been as well read
as I am, or as he should be, he would
know there is no such word as “repent-
ance ” in our Bible; it is only penance,
and that simply means taking a small
jab from the priest to work off our sins.
In a few hours I could get clear of a
pile of sins.

But, apart from this, have I not used
those fellows up in good shape? One
thing is clear to the public now, I am
the smartest writer of the day; and all
must have noticed, from my quotations
and literary flights, that I possess a
great mind. What a fund of money
Anglin has got out of it; the Freeman
sells like hot cakes. I should judge he
made as much money out of my efforts
as he got out of that post-office printing,
especially when he deducts the cost of
his last election.

Anglin’s talent is nothing to mine,
as a writer. I far excel him, He has
published some good editorials in his
paper, but they were all written either
by the Bishop or the priests.

The truth is, I shall look for an offer
from Anglin soon to become associate
editor with him. I shall need some-
thing soon, for the Trustees will not re-
quire my services longer than this term,
so I understand—not but what I am the
best teacher among the whole staff, but
from some cause they employed one too
many,—and hence don't require my
services.

Then, as to the law—it is difficult to
find an office for anything like a
clever man ,to study in. So soon as
talent is discovered in a student, he is

 

told very politely that he is not wanted.
It is easily understood : they get jeal-
ous, This makes it hard for talent to
get along. I suppose I' will have to
find another office, or go out into the
country to teach. Now I have done so
much for the Freeman, have given it
such immense circulation, it would be
mean in Anglin not to make me a pro-
posal.

If ever Tam editor of that paper, I
will silence, at once and forever, such
papers as are edited by Lugrin, McLeod
and Fisher; they would not live six
months. However, I must not calcu-
late too strongly, for I though the Re-
form Club, and all those who took a
prominent part in it, would have been
wiped out before this ; besides, I have
been threatened by some with a ride on
a pole. It would be undignified to
travel in that style. To go by rail is
usual ; but by a pole would be rather
unseemly for a person of my preten-
sions. To tell the truth, my greatest
fears have been that some day I will
be presented with a new coat. I need
one bad enough, but I would rather se-
lect the material myself; if others
select it I fear it would fit too snugly,
stick too closely, and then, feathers are
not now fashionable. I have been a
little shy for fear some of my friends
might wish to make me a donation, and
of course I could not refuse such a dress
if offered. It will be wise for me to
keep a little retired for a time. I am
resolved to do so.

A WILD FAMILY OF THI WOODS.

 

 

[From the Jasper County Newsboy.]

 

4 WEY En ”
There is a family consisting of a
man, his wife, and several children, now
living in the lower part of this county
of Texas, who stay in the woods witl-
out any shelter other than that afforded
by the forest trees, and subsist upon
acorns, nuts, herbs, rats, birds, fish,
frogs, and such other food as they can
procure by fishing, foraging, and trap-
ping. These people, it 1s said, came
trom southeast Texas, though their true
origin is unknown. They are of a wild,
uncivilized nature, and when carried
to the homes of good people and treated
kindly, wear an air of discontent, and,
after eating in a most gluttonous man-
ner, steal slyly away to the woods.

 

 

 

Grease the Griddle, Birdie Darling—
Grease it o'er with lambient Lard,
Pour the Buckwheat Batter on it
From the Bowl to Brown and Hard.
And in order that the Buckwheats
Be not Scorched and Burned and Sere,
Grease the Griddle in Profusion—
Grease the Griddle, Bird.e, Dear.

Words and music for thirty cents,
apply to St. Louis Times.

 

 

 

MIND READING.

 

We are requested to announce that Mr.
jobn W. Adam of Toronto, Ontario, (agent
to the Phrenological establishment of S. R.
Wells, Broadway, New York) is now in this
City, and intends to stop here during the sum-
mer. Ie proposes to open classes teaching
the various branches of Human Science. ’

Mr. Adam, after many years of pro-
found research and study in the science of
Spiritual and Mental Philosophy, has made
some entirely new discoveries in human science,

He brings many years of professional exper-
lence to every examination he makes. He
scans your every organic condition, and re-
ports results fully and plainly, and con-
scientiously does his ery best to improve every
applicant. He also directs specifically just what
physical functions and mental faculties you re-
quire especially to cultivate and restrain ; also
what profession, sphere or pursuit you are
adapted forin life. Also what traits of character
you have inherited from either parent. In brief,
he reveals your entire mental and physical
condition. All this he is enabled to ascertain
by a casual glance. Not only this, but is
also able to a mathematical certainty tojtrace
out the causes producing deficiency or ina-
bility, physical or mental.

Mr. Adam is now engaged writing a work.
Among other subjects, it embraces the nature,
character and doctrine of the sphere, circle,
triangle, line, cross, &ve.

The phenomenon of spiritual and mental
philosophy, as determined from the motions
of the planetary and solar systems, the cen-
trifugal forces of nature, the instincts of plants
and animals, external signs, geography, cli-
mate, chemical color, &c,

It includes metaphysics, clairvoyance, mes-
merism, fascination, and kindred subjects.
Letters appointing an interview, may be ad-
dressed to the care of this office,

“

 
